=== LINK: https://www.angelone.in/mutual-funds/amc/sbi-mutual-funds ===

Best SBI Mutual Fund Schemes
Fund Name Ratings Risk 3Y Returns AUM SBI PSU Fund Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 37.14% ₹5,035.09 cr. Invest SBI PSU Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 37.14% ₹5,035.09 cr. Invest SBI PSU Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 37.14% ₹5,035.09 cr. Invest SBI Long Term Equity Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity ELSS 5 hello Very High 29.58% ₹28,506.07 cr. Invest SBI Long Term Equity Fund Equity ELSS 5 hello Very High 29.57% ₹28,506.07 cr. Invest SBI Infrastructure Fund Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 29.01% ₹4,871.94 cr. Invest SBI Infrastructure Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 29.01% ₹4,871.94 cr. Invest SBI Infrastructure Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 29.01% ₹4,871.94 cr. Invest SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 28.69% ₹3,670.62 cr. Invest SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 28.69% ₹3,670.62 cr. Invest SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 28.69% ₹3,670.62 cr. Invest SBI Contra Fund Equity Contra Fund 5 hello Very High 26.62% ₹44,068.57 cr. Invest SBI Contra Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity Contra Fund 5 hello Very High 26.62% ₹44,068.57 cr. Invest SBI Contra Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity Contra Fund 5 hello Very High 26.62% ₹44,068.57 cr. Invest SBI Long Term Equity Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity ELSS 5 hello Very High 25.05% ₹27,730.33 cr. Invest SBI Banking and Financial Services Fund Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 24.71% ₹7,649.78 cr. Invest SBI Banking and Financial Services Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 24.71% ₹7,649.78 cr. Invest SBI Banking and Financial Services Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 24.71% ₹7,649.78 cr. Invest SBI Magnum Children'S Benefit Fund Investment Solution Oriented Childrens Fund 0 hello Very High 24.14% ₹3,358.06 cr. Invest SBI Long Term Advantage Fund Series Iii Equity ELSS 0 hello Moderately High 24.1% ₹69.88 cr. Invest SBI Long Term Advantage Fund Series Iii Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity ELSS 0 hello Moderately High 24.1% ₹69.88 cr. Invest SBI Magnum Midcap Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity Mid Cap Fund 5 hello Very High 22.69% ₹21,512.11 cr. Invest SBI Magnum Midcap Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity Mid Cap Fund 5 hello Very High 22.69% ₹21,512.11 cr. Invest SBI Magnum Midcap Fund Equity Mid Cap Fund 5 hello Very High 22.69% ₹21,512.11 cr. Invest SBI Large and Midcap Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity Large & Mid Cap Fund 4.5 hello Very High 22.28% ₹30,133.31 cr. Invest SBI Large and Midcap Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity Large & Mid Cap Fund 4.5 hello Very High 22.28% ₹30,133.31 cr. Invest SBI Large and Midcap Fund Equity Large & Mid Cap Fund 4.5 hello Very High 22.27% ₹30,133.31 cr. Invest SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 21.41% ₹3,028.16 cr. Invest SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 21.41% ₹3,028.16 cr. Invest SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund Equity Sectoral / Thematic 0 hello Very High 21.41% ₹3,028.16 cr. Invest
Fund Name
Ratings
Risk
3Y Returns
AUM
SBI PSU Fund
Equity Sectoral / Thematic
0 hello
Very High
37.14%
₹5,035.09 cr.
SBI PSU Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
SBI PSU Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
SBI Long Term Equity Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
Equity ELSS
5 hello
29.58%
₹28,506.07 cr.
SBI Long Term Equity Fund
29.57%
SBI Infrastructure Fund
29.01%
₹4,871.94 cr.
SBI Infrastructure Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
SBI Infrastructure Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund
28.69%
₹3,670.62 cr.
SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
SBI Contra Fund
Equity Contra Fund
26.62%
₹44,068.57 cr.
SBI Contra Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
SBI Contra Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
SBI Long Term Equity Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
25.05%
₹27,730.33 cr.
SBI Banking and Financial Services Fund
24.71%
₹7,649.78 cr.
SBI Banking and Financial Services Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
SBI Banking and Financial Services Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
SBI Magnum Children'S Benefit Fund Investment
Solution Oriented Childrens Fund
24.14%
₹3,358.06 cr.
SBI Long Term Advantage Fund Series Iii
Moderately High
24.1%
₹69.88 cr.
SBI Long Term Advantage Fund Series Iii Direct Plan IDCW Payout
SBI Magnum Midcap Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
Equity Mid Cap Fund
22.69%
₹21,512.11 cr.
SBI Magnum Midcap Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
SBI Magnum Midcap Fund
SBI Large and Midcap Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
Equity Large & Mid Cap Fund
4.5 hello
22.28%
₹30,133.31 cr.
SBI Large and Midcap Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
SBI Large and Midcap Fund
22.27%
SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund Direct Plan IDCW Payout
21.41%
₹3,028.16 cr.
SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund Direct Plan IDCW Reinvestment
SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund
About SBI Mutual Fund
SBI Mutual Fund was the second mutual fund in India after UTI. It was a joint venture between the largest and the most profitable Indian public sector bank, SBI and French asset management company, Amundi. SBI Mutual Funds was founded on June 29, 1987, under the SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Private Limited and incorporated in 1992. In 2004, Amundi bought a 37% stake from SBI and became a JV partner to offer mutual fund investments to Indian investors. As one of the oldest and largest asset management companies, SBI Asset Management is a pioneer in the field. It has 36 years of history in helping Indian investors create wealth. SBI MF moved past Aditya Birla and HDFC Mutual Fund in 2019 to become the third largest in the segment. As of February 2023, SBI Asset Management had a total of ~₹4,49,169 crore assets under management. SBI Mutual Fund was the first Indian mutual fund company to introduce the ‘Contra’ fund in India. They also launched the first ESG fund in India. ESG is an acronym for Environment, Social and Governance Funds. ESG funds offer sustainable investment opportunities in global companies with strong social, environmental and governance practices. SBI Asset Management has 146 funds, which include some of the best SBI Mutual Fund Investment schemes. In a separate section, we have discussed the best SBI Mutual Fund for investment. As a part of India’s largest PSU bank, SBI Mutual Fund enjoys people’s trust. SBI MF has a long legacy and tracks a record as being one of the largest mutual fund companies. With technological advances, investors can research and apply to SBI Mutual Funds online.
SBI Mutual Fund was the second mutual fund in India after UTI. It was a joint venture between the largest and the most profitable Indian public sector bank, SBI and French asset management company, Amundi.
SBI Mutual Funds was founded on June 29, 1987, under the SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Private Limited and incorporated in 1992. In 2004, Amundi bought a 37% stake from SBI and became a JV partner to offer mutual fund investments to Indian investors.
As one of the oldest and largest asset management companies, SBI Asset Management is a pioneer in the field. It has 36 years of history in helping Indian investors create wealth. SBI MF moved past Aditya Birla and HDFC Mutual Fund in 2019 to become the third largest in the segment. As of February 2023, SBI Asset Management had a total of ~₹4,49,169 crore assets under management.
SBI Mutual Fund was the first Indian mutual fund company to introduce the ‘Contra’ fund in India. They also launched the first ESG fund in India. ESG is an acronym for Environment, Social and Governance Funds. ESG funds offer sustainable investment opportunities in global companies with strong social, environmental and governance practices.
SBI Asset Management has 146 funds, which include some of the best SBI Mutual Fund Investment schemes. In a separate section, we have discussed the best SBI Mutual Fund for investment.
As a part of India’s largest PSU bank, SBI Mutual Fund enjoys people’s trust. SBI MF has a long legacy and tracks a record as being one of the largest mutual fund companies. With technological advances, investors can research and apply to SBI Mutual Funds online.
SBI Mutual Fund Key Information
The following are some of the key information regarding the ICICI asset management company Founding date June 29,1987 AMC Incorporation date February 7, 1992 Headquarters in Mumbai Name of the sponsors State Bank of India & Amundi Trustee organisation SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Pvt. Ltd. MD and CEO Vinay M Tonse Chief Investment Officer R Srinivasan (Equity) & Rajeev Radhakrishnan (Fixed Income) Compliance Officer Vinaya Datar Investor Service Officer CA Santosh
The following are some of the key information regarding the ICICI asset management company
SBI Mutual Fund Managers
RS R Srinivasan Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years) Hide Details R Srinivasan, Head of Equity at SBI Funds Management since May 2009, brings over 25 years of equity experience. His previous roles include positions at Future Capital Holding, Principal PNB, and Motilal Oswal. He holds a postgraduate degree in Commerce and an MFM from the University of Mumbai. DB Dinesh Balachandran Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years) View Details Mr.Dinesh is a B.Tech from IIT-B, M.S. from MIT USA and CFA. Prior to joining SBI Funds Management Pvt. Ltd. he has worked with Fidelity Investments, USA. SP Saurabh Pant Fund Manager since Sep 2016 (8 years) View Details Saurabh Pant did his Masters Degree in Business Economics from the University of Delhi and joined SBI Fund Management as a Research Analyst. TD Tanmaya Desai Fund Manager since May 2024 (1 year) View Details Mr. Desai has been working at SBI Funds Management Private Ltd since May 2008. Prior to SBI Funds Management Pvt. Ltd. he was a lecturer in Electronics Department with D. J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, Mumbai. RS Rohit Shimpi Fund Manager since Feb 2023 (2 years) View Details Rohit Shimpi is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and did his PGDBM. He worked at CNBC TV18, JP Morgan’s Offshore Research Centre and HDFC Standard Life Insurance before joining SBI Mutual Fund. BV Bhavin Vithiani Fund Manager since Aug 2014 (10 years)
RS R Srinivasan Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years) Hide Details R Srinivasan, Head of Equity at SBI Funds Management since May 2009, brings over 25 years of equity experience. His previous roles include positions at Future Capital Holding, Principal PNB, and Motilal Oswal. He holds a postgraduate degree in Commerce and an MFM from the University of Mumbai.
RS R Srinivasan Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years) Hide Details
RS R Srinivasan Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years)
R Srinivasan Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years)
R Srinivasan
Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years)
Hide Details
R Srinivasan, Head of Equity at SBI Funds Management since May 2009, brings over 25 years of equity experience. His previous roles include positions at Future Capital Holding, Principal PNB, and Motilal Oswal. He holds a postgraduate degree in Commerce and an MFM from the University of Mumbai.
DB Dinesh Balachandran Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years) View Details Mr.Dinesh is a B.Tech from IIT-B, M.S. from MIT USA and CFA. Prior to joining SBI Funds Management Pvt. Ltd. he has worked with Fidelity Investments, USA.
DB Dinesh Balachandran Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years) View Details
DB Dinesh Balachandran Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years)
Dinesh Balachandran Fund Manager since Apr 2022 (3 years)
Dinesh Balachandran
View Details
Mr.Dinesh is a B.Tech from IIT-B, M.S. from MIT USA and CFA. Prior to joining SBI Funds Management Pvt. Ltd. he has worked with Fidelity Investments, USA.
SP Saurabh Pant Fund Manager since Sep 2016 (8 years) View Details Saurabh Pant did his Masters Degree in Business Economics from the University of Delhi and joined SBI Fund Management as a Research Analyst.
SP Saurabh Pant Fund Manager since Sep 2016 (8 years) View Details
SP Saurabh Pant Fund Manager since Sep 2016 (8 years)
Saurabh Pant Fund Manager since Sep 2016 (8 years)
Saurabh Pant
Fund Manager since Sep 2016 (8 years)
Saurabh Pant did his Masters Degree in Business Economics from the University of Delhi and joined SBI Fund Management as a Research Analyst.
TD Tanmaya Desai Fund Manager since May 2024 (1 year) View Details Mr. Desai has been working at SBI Funds Management Private Ltd since May 2008. Prior to SBI Funds Management Pvt. Ltd. he was a lecturer in Electronics Department with D. J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, Mumbai.
TD Tanmaya Desai Fund Manager since May 2024 (1 year) View Details
TD Tanmaya Desai Fund Manager since May 2024 (1 year)
Tanmaya Desai Fund Manager since May 2024 (1 year)
Tanmaya Desai
Fund Manager since May 2024 (1 year)
Mr. Desai has been working at SBI Funds Management Private Ltd since May 2008. Prior to SBI Funds Management Pvt. Ltd. he was a lecturer in Electronics Department with D. J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, Mumbai.
RS Rohit Shimpi Fund Manager since Feb 2023 (2 years) View Details Rohit Shimpi is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and did his PGDBM. He worked at CNBC TV18, JP Morgan’s Offshore Research Centre and HDFC Standard Life Insurance before joining SBI Mutual Fund.
RS Rohit Shimpi Fund Manager since Feb 2023 (2 years) View Details
RS Rohit Shimpi Fund Manager since Feb 2023 (2 years)
Rohit Shimpi Fund Manager since Feb 2023 (2 years)
Rohit Shimpi
Fund Manager since Feb 2023 (2 years)
Rohit Shimpi is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and did his PGDBM. He worked at CNBC TV18, JP Morgan’s Offshore Research Centre and HDFC Standard Life Insurance before joining SBI Mutual Fund.
BV Bhavin Vithiani Fund Manager since Aug 2014 (10 years)
Bhavin Vithiani Fund Manager since Aug 2014 (10 years)
Bhavin Vithiani
Fund Manager since Aug 2014 (10 years)
How to Invest in SBI Mutual Fund via Angel One?
Investing in the best SBI Mutual Funds or any other mutual fund is simple from your Angel One account. You need to follow the steps below. Step 1: Log in to your Angel One account with your mobile number and validate with OTP. Next, enter the MPIN. Note: If you don’t have an Angel One Demat account , you can open one quickly by completing the online account opening process. Step 2: Determine which fund is most suited based on your needs and risk profile. You can learn more about each fund on the Angel One app. Things to consider at this stage are: Search your desired fund or take cues from funds listed by Angel One. Analyse the SBI Mutual Fund NAV, past performance, tax incidence, and the sectors and companies in which it invests in. Calculate the potential returns using the calculator. Evaluate the fund’s level of risk and weigh it against your risk tolerance Check the fund’s ratings given by reputed rating agencies. Consider the fund’s expense ratio to get an idea about the cost of investing in it. Step 3: Once you have selected the fund(s), log in to your Angel One account and go to the mutual fund section. You can select the fund from there. Since, mutual funds are often a long term investment, be careful when choosing an option to invest. Decide whether your want to invest in a lumpsum or SIP Next, enter the amount of investment and how you want to make payment. UPI is the preferred method; however, one can also choose to pay through net banking. If paying through SIP you can also set a mandate for hassle-free payment. Documents Required To Invest in SBI Mutual Fund With Angel One, investing in SBI Mutual Funds is a smooth yet digital experience. Whether you’re a novice or a seasoned investor, we’ve simplified the process for you. To initiate your investment journey, you’ll need to furnish the following essential documents: PAN Card Details (Mandatory) Personal Information (Full Name, Mobile Number, Email Address) Address Proof – We recommend using your Aadhar Card, including both the front and back sides. Bank Account Details, along with a cancelled cheque if needed. Nominee details and FATCA Declarations. Our user-friendly platform ensures a seamless KYC verification, granting you quick access to SBI Mutual Funds. Your financial aspirations are now closer than ever. In just 48-72 business hours, your KYC process will be completed, and you can set off on your mutual fund journey.
Investing in the best SBI Mutual Funds or any other mutual fund is simple from your Angel One account. You need to follow the steps below.
Step 1: Log in to your Angel One account with your mobile number and validate with OTP. Next, enter the MPIN.
Note: If you don’t have an Angel One Demat account , you can open one quickly by completing the online account opening process.
Step 2: Determine which fund is most suited based on your needs and risk profile. You can learn more about each fund on the Angel One app. Things to consider at this stage are:
Search your desired fund or take cues from funds listed by Angel One.
Analyse the SBI Mutual Fund NAV, past performance, tax incidence, and the sectors and companies in which it invests in.
Calculate the potential returns using the calculator.
Evaluate the fund’s level of risk and weigh it against your risk tolerance
Check the fund’s ratings given by reputed rating agencies.
Consider the fund’s expense ratio to get an idea about the cost of investing in it.
Step 3: Once you have selected the fund(s), log in to your Angel One account and go to the mutual fund section. You can select the fund from there.
Since, mutual funds are often a long term investment, be careful when choosing an option to invest.
Decide whether your want to invest in a lumpsum or SIP
Next, enter the amount of investment and how you want to make payment. UPI is the preferred method; however, one can also choose to pay through net banking.
If paying through SIP you can also set a mandate for hassle-free payment.
Documents Required To Invest in SBI Mutual Fund
With Angel One, investing in SBI Mutual Funds is a smooth yet digital experience. Whether you’re a novice or a seasoned investor, we’ve simplified the process for you. To initiate your investment journey, you’ll need to furnish the following essential documents:
PAN Card Details (Mandatory)
Personal Information (Full Name, Mobile Number, Email Address)
Address Proof – We recommend using your Aadhar Card, including both the front and back sides.
Bank Account Details, along with a cancelled cheque if needed.
Nominee details and FATCA Declarations.
Our user-friendly platform ensures a seamless KYC verification, granting you quick access to SBI Mutual Funds. Your financial aspirations are now closer than ever. In just 48-72 business hours, your KYC process will be completed, and you can set off on your mutual fund journey.
Top 10 SBI Mutual Fund to Invest
Scheme Category AUM (in ₹ Cr) 3-Yr Returns (%) 1-Yr Return (%) SBI PSU Fund Equity 4,542.83 29.70 -4.62 SBI Healthcare Opp Fund Equity 3,521.93 23.72 15.68 SBI Long Term Equity Fund Equity 27,305.51 23.22 9.39 SBI Infrastructure Fund Equity 4,867.23 22.47 0.76 SBI Contra Fund Equity 42,180.93 22.36 5.49 SBI Magnum Children’s Benefit Fund-Investment Plan Equity 3,124.02 19.71 19.99 SBI Gold Equity 2,919.72 18.83 37.41 SBI Consumption Opp Fund Equity 2,940.27 17.98 6.72 SBI Magnum Midcap Fund Equity 21,177.20 17.09 6.96 SBI Large & Midcap Fund Equity 29,267.74 16.45 7.41 Note: The above data is as of February 2025, and the selected funds have demonstrated the highest Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) among SBI Mutual Funds over the past 3 years. 1. SBI PSU Fund The SBI PSU Fund is an open-ended equity scheme that invests predominantly in public sector undertakings (PSUs) across various sectors. The fund aims to provide investors with opportunities for long-term capital appreciation by focusing on companies where the government holds a majority stake. Managed by Rohit Shimpi, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY PSU Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 0.50% if units are redeemed within 30 days from the date of allotment. 2. SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund The SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing primarily in the healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors. The fund seeks to achieve long-term capital growth by identifying companies with robust growth potential within the healthcare industry. Managed by Tanmaya Desai and Pradeep Kesavan, the scheme is benchmarked against the S&P BSE Healthcare Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment. 3. SBI Long Term Equity Fund The SBI Long Term Equity Fund is an open-ended equity-linked savings scheme (ELSS) with a statutory lock-in period of three years, offering tax benefits under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act. The fund aims to provide investors with opportunities for long-term capital growth by investing across market capitalisations. Managed by Dinesh Balachandran, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY 500 Total Return Index. Since the fund has a mandatory lock-in period of 3 years, no exit load is applicable. 4. SBI Infrastructure Fund The SBI Infrastructure Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing in companies directly or indirectly involved in infrastructure development. The fund seeks to provide investors with long-term capital appreciation by capitalising on the growth potential of the infrastructure sector. Managed by Bhavin Vithlani, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY Infrastructure Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment. 5. SBI Contra Fund The SBI Contra Fund is an open-ended equity scheme following a contrarian investment strategy, focusing on undervalued stocks with strong fundamentals that are currently out of favour in the market. The fund aims to provide long-term capital appreciation by identifying and investing in such opportunities. Managed by Dinesh Balachandran and Pradeep Kesavan, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY 500 Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment. 6. SBI Magnum Children’s Benefit Fund – Investment Plan The SBI Magnum Children’s Benefit Fund – Investment Plan is an open-ended fund designed to meet the investment needs of children, aiming for long-term capital appreciation. The fund invests in a mix of equity, equity-related instruments, and debt securities to provide a balanced approach to growth and stability. Managed by R. Srinivasan, Rajeev Radhakrishnan, and Pradeep Kesavan, the scheme is benchmarked against a composite index comprising the NIFTY 50 (65%) and CRISIL Short Term Bond Index (35%). The fund imposes an exit load of 3% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment, 2% if redeemed after 1 year but within 2 years, and 1% if redeemed after 2 years but before 3 years. 7. SBI Gold Fund The SBI Gold Fund is an open-ended fund of fund scheme that invests predominantly in units of SBI Gold Exchange Traded Scheme (SBI GETS). The fund aims to provide returns that closely correspond to the returns provided by SBI GETS, which in turn tracks the domestic price of gold. Managed by Raviprakash Sharma, the scheme offers investors an opportunity to invest in gold without the need for physical possession. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 15 days from the date of allotment. 8. SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund The SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing in companies that are expected to benefit from the growth in consumption and related activities. The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by focusing on sectors such as consumer goods, automobiles, media, and retail. Managed by Ashit Desai, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY India Consumption Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment. 9. SBI Magnum Midcap Fund The SBI Magnum Midcap Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing predominantly in mid-cap companies. The fund aims to provide investors with opportunities for long-term capital appreciation by focusing on companies with a market capitalisation within the NIFTY Midcap 150 Index. Managed by Bhavin Vithlani, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY Midcap 150 Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment. 10. SBI Large & Midcap Fund The SBI Large & Midcap Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing in both large-cap and mid-cap stocks. The fund aims to provide long-term capital appreciation by capturing growth opportunities across established large-cap companies and emerging mid-cap companies. Managed by Saurabh Pant and Pradeep Kesavan, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY LargeMidcap 250 Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 0.10% if units are redeemed within 30 days from the date of allotment.
Note: The above data is as of February 2025, and the selected funds have demonstrated the highest Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) among SBI Mutual Funds over the past 3 years.
1. SBI PSU Fund
The SBI PSU Fund is an open-ended equity scheme that invests predominantly in public sector undertakings (PSUs) across various sectors. The fund aims to provide investors with opportunities for long-term capital appreciation by focusing on companies where the government holds a majority stake.
Managed by Rohit Shimpi, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY PSU Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 0.50% if units are redeemed within 30 days from the date of allotment.
2. SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund
The SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing primarily in the healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors. The fund seeks to achieve long-term capital growth by identifying companies with robust growth potential within the healthcare industry.
Managed by Tanmaya Desai and Pradeep Kesavan, the scheme is benchmarked against the S&P BSE Healthcare Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment.
3. SBI Long Term Equity Fund
The SBI Long Term Equity Fund is an open-ended equity-linked savings scheme (ELSS) with a statutory lock-in period of three years, offering tax benefits under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act. The fund aims to provide investors with opportunities for long-term capital growth by investing across market capitalisations.
Managed by Dinesh Balachandran, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY 500 Total Return Index. Since the fund has a mandatory lock-in period of 3 years, no exit load is applicable.
4. SBI Infrastructure Fund
The SBI Infrastructure Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing in companies directly or indirectly involved in infrastructure development. The fund seeks to provide investors with long-term capital appreciation by capitalising on the growth potential of the infrastructure sector.
Managed by Bhavin Vithlani, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY Infrastructure Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment.
5. SBI Contra Fund
The SBI Contra Fund is an open-ended equity scheme following a contrarian investment strategy, focusing on undervalued stocks with strong fundamentals that are currently out of favour in the market. The fund aims to provide long-term capital appreciation by identifying and investing in such opportunities.
Managed by Dinesh Balachandran and Pradeep Kesavan, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY 500 Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment.
6. SBI Magnum Children’s Benefit Fund – Investment Plan
The SBI Magnum Children’s Benefit Fund – Investment Plan is an open-ended fund designed to meet the investment needs of children, aiming for long-term capital appreciation. The fund invests in a mix of equity, equity-related instruments, and debt securities to provide a balanced approach to growth and stability.
Managed by R. Srinivasan, Rajeev Radhakrishnan, and Pradeep Kesavan, the scheme is benchmarked against a composite index comprising the NIFTY 50 (65%) and CRISIL Short Term Bond Index (35%). The fund imposes an exit load of 3% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment, 2% if redeemed after 1 year but within 2 years, and 1% if redeemed after 2 years but before 3 years.
7. SBI Gold Fund
The SBI Gold Fund is an open-ended fund of fund scheme that invests predominantly in units of SBI Gold Exchange Traded Scheme (SBI GETS). The fund aims to provide returns that closely correspond to the returns provided by SBI GETS, which in turn tracks the domestic price of gold.
Managed by Raviprakash Sharma, the scheme offers investors an opportunity to invest in gold without the need for physical possession. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 15 days from the date of allotment.
8. SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund
The SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing in companies that are expected to benefit from the growth in consumption and related activities. The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by focusing on sectors such as consumer goods, automobiles, media, and retail.
Managed by Ashit Desai, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY India Consumption Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment.
9. SBI Magnum Midcap Fund
The SBI Magnum Midcap Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing predominantly in mid-cap companies. The fund aims to provide investors with opportunities for long-term capital appreciation by focusing on companies with a market capitalisation within the NIFTY Midcap 150 Index.
Managed by Bhavin Vithlani, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY Midcap 150 Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 1% if units are redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment.
10. SBI Large & Midcap Fund
The SBI Large & Midcap Fund is an open-ended equity scheme investing in both large-cap and mid-cap stocks. The fund aims to provide long-term capital appreciation by capturing growth opportunities across established large-cap companies and emerging mid-cap companies.
Managed by Saurabh Pant and Pradeep Kesavan, the scheme is benchmarked against the NIFTY LargeMidcap 250 Total Return Index. The fund imposes an exit load of 0.10% if units are redeemed within 30 days from the date of allotment.
Mutual Funds Calculators View All
Mutual Funds Calculators
View All
SIP Calculator Lumpsum Calculator Step Up SIP Calculator Mutual Fund Returns Calculator SWP Calculator ELSS Calculator
SIP Calculator
Lumpsum Calculator
Step Up SIP Calculator
Mutual Fund Returns Calculator
SWP Calculator
ELSS Calculator
SBI Mutual Fund FAQs
Should I invest in an SBI Asset Management fund scheme? Whether you should invest in SBI Mutual Fund Management schemes or not depends on your goals. In addition to assessing their returns over several timelines, evaluate the schemes based on risk, volatility, returns, the fund manager’s experience, and your own return expectations and risk tolerance. How to Start SBI Mutual Fund SIP online? There are two ways to start SBI Mutual Fund SIP. For a hassle-free investing experience, you can invest in SBI Mutual Fund SIP online through the Angel One app or web platform. This will allow you to track all your investments in one place. Alternatively, you can start investing in SBI Mutual Fund SIP online through SBI Mutual Fund AMC official website. How to redeem SBI Asset Management funds Online? There are two ways of doing this. You can initiate your redemption request by visiting Angel One web platform or app. Alternatively, you can also redeem your investments by visiting the SBI Mutual Fund AMC website. How much time does it take to redeem the SBI Asset Management fund? The proceeds of equity, debt, and conservative hybrid funds are generally transferred to your registered bank account within 2-4 working days of the withdrawal initiation. Redemption of liquid funds takes 1-2 working days. What are the redemption charges of the SBI Mutual Fund fund? The exit load varies depending on the fund of choice, duration of investment, etc. You can check the exit load of the fund at the time of investing. How to increase the SIP amount in the SBI Asset Management fund? You can increase the SIP amount in two ways. First, by visiting the SBI Mutual Fund AMC website. Second, go to the Mutual Funds section on https://www.angelone.in/mutual-funds or the Angel One App. How can I get the SBI Mutual Fund statement? You can get the SBI MF account statement on the Angel One App or web platform. Simply head to the Mutual Fund section. Alternatively, you can get the statement by visiting the AMC’s official website. Are SBI Mutual Fund schemes tax-free? ELSS (Equity Linked Savings Scheme) fund from the SBI Mutual Fund in India allows you to claim a tax deduction of up to ₹1.5 lakh per financial year under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961. You can deduct this from your total income. How to calculate the SBI Mutual Fund returns? Knowing the estimated returns on SBI Prudential Mutual Fund can help in planning your finances more effectively. Just enter important details, like your desired investment, duration, and expected return from the SBI Prudential Mutual Fund, in the calculator on Angel One. It will instantly show the estimated returns you can earn from investing in an SBI MF Scheme.
Should I invest in an SBI Asset Management fund scheme? Whether you should invest in SBI Mutual Fund Management schemes or not depends on your goals. In addition to assessing their returns over several timelines, evaluate the schemes based on risk, volatility, returns, the fund manager’s experience, and your own return expectations and risk tolerance.
Should I invest in an SBI Asset Management fund scheme?
Whether you should invest in SBI Mutual Fund Management schemes or not depends on your goals. In addition to assessing their returns over several timelines, evaluate the schemes based on risk, volatility, returns, the fund manager’s experience, and your own return expectations and risk tolerance.
How to Start SBI Mutual Fund SIP online? There are two ways to start SBI Mutual Fund SIP. For a hassle-free investing experience, you can invest in SBI Mutual Fund SIP online through the Angel One app or web platform. This will allow you to track all your investments in one place. Alternatively, you can start investing in SBI Mutual Fund SIP online through SBI Mutual Fund AMC official website.
How to Start SBI Mutual Fund SIP online?
There are two ways to start SBI Mutual Fund SIP. For a hassle-free investing experience, you can invest in SBI Mutual Fund SIP online through the Angel One app or web platform. This will allow you to track all your investments in one place. Alternatively, you can start investing in SBI Mutual Fund SIP online through SBI Mutual Fund AMC official website.
How to redeem SBI Asset Management funds Online? There are two ways of doing this. You can initiate your redemption request by visiting Angel One web platform or app. Alternatively, you can also redeem your investments by visiting the SBI Mutual Fund AMC website.
How to redeem SBI Asset Management funds Online?
There are two ways of doing this. You can initiate your redemption request by visiting Angel One web platform or app. Alternatively, you can also redeem your investments by visiting the SBI Mutual Fund AMC website.
How much time does it take to redeem the SBI Asset Management fund? The proceeds of equity, debt, and conservative hybrid funds are generally transferred to your registered bank account within 2-4 working days of the withdrawal initiation. Redemption of liquid funds takes 1-2 working days.
How much time does it take to redeem the SBI Asset Management fund?
The proceeds of equity, debt, and conservative hybrid funds are generally transferred to your registered bank account within 2-4 working days of the withdrawal initiation. Redemption of liquid funds takes 1-2 working days.
What are the redemption charges of the SBI Mutual Fund fund? The exit load varies depending on the fund of choice, duration of investment, etc. You can check the exit load of the fund at the time of investing.
What are the redemption charges of the SBI Mutual Fund fund?
The exit load varies depending on the fund of choice, duration of investment, etc. You can check the exit load of the fund at the time of investing.
How to increase the SIP amount in the SBI Asset Management fund? You can increase the SIP amount in two ways. First, by visiting the SBI Mutual Fund AMC website. Second, go to the Mutual Funds section on https://www.angelone.in/mutual-funds or the Angel One App.
How to increase the SIP amount in the SBI Asset Management fund?
You can increase the SIP amount in two ways. First, by visiting the SBI Mutual Fund AMC website. Second, go to the Mutual Funds section on https://www.angelone.in/mutual-funds or the Angel One App.
How can I get the SBI Mutual Fund statement? You can get the SBI MF account statement on the Angel One App or web platform. Simply head to the Mutual Fund section. Alternatively, you can get the statement by visiting the AMC’s official website.
How can I get the SBI Mutual Fund statement?
You can get the SBI MF account statement on the Angel One App or web platform. Simply head to the Mutual Fund section. Alternatively, you can get the statement by visiting the AMC’s official website.
Are SBI Mutual Fund schemes tax-free? ELSS (Equity Linked Savings Scheme) fund from the SBI Mutual Fund in India allows you to claim a tax deduction of up to ₹1.5 lakh per financial year under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961. You can deduct this from your total income.
Are SBI Mutual Fund schemes tax-free?
ELSS (Equity Linked Savings Scheme) fund from the SBI Mutual Fund in India allows you to claim a tax deduction of up to ₹1.5 lakh per financial year under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961. You can deduct this from your total income.
How to calculate the SBI Mutual Fund returns? Knowing the estimated returns on SBI Prudential Mutual Fund can help in planning your finances more effectively. Just enter important details, like your desired investment, duration, and expected return from the SBI Prudential Mutual Fund, in the calculator on Angel One. It will instantly show the estimated returns you can earn from investing in an SBI MF Scheme.
How to calculate the SBI Mutual Fund returns?
Knowing the estimated returns on SBI Prudential Mutual Fund can help in planning your finances more effectively. Just enter important details, like your desired investment, duration, and expected return from the SBI Prudential Mutual Fund, in the calculator on Angel One. It will instantly show the estimated returns you can earn from investing in an SBI MF Scheme.