=== LINK: https://www.angelone.in/support/charges-and-cashbacks ===

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही.
We are here to help you
Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More
Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
En. ही.
DP Charges DP Charges Brokerage Charges Stock Pledging Charges SEBI Charges STT (Securities Transaction Tax) Stamp Duty Transaction / Turnover Charges Account Maintenance Charges Auto Square Off Charges Brokerage Cashback Brokerage Plan Call and Trade Charges DP (Depository Participant) Charges GST (Goods & Services Tax) Off-Mkt Transaction Charges Penal/Delayed Payment Charges Pledging Charges What are DP charges at Angel One? Depository Participant (DP) charges are combined charges imposed by CDSL and Angel One on every sell transaction of equity delivery shares. Please note that DP charges are not applicable on intraday trades or delivery buy transactions . The details are as below. Equity delivery : Rs. 20+GST per sale transaction, split as below. (Male – INR 3.5 (CDSL) + INR 16.5 (Angel One Charge)) (Female – INR 3.25 (CDSL) + INR 16.75 (Angle One Charge)) For example, If you sell 100 shares of TCS on Monday at 10 am and again sell 50 shares later in the day, DP charges will be applicable twice. The total DP charges levied in this case will be Rs. 47.2. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
DP Charges
DP Charges Brokerage Charges Stock Pledging Charges SEBI Charges STT (Securities Transaction Tax) Stamp Duty Transaction / Turnover Charges Account Maintenance Charges Auto Square Off Charges Brokerage Cashback Brokerage Plan Call and Trade Charges DP (Depository Participant) Charges GST (Goods & Services Tax) Off-Mkt Transaction Charges Penal/Delayed Payment Charges Pledging Charges What are DP charges at Angel One? Depository Participant (DP) charges are combined charges imposed by CDSL and Angel One on every sell transaction of equity delivery shares. Please note that DP charges are not applicable on intraday trades or delivery buy transactions . The details are as below. Equity delivery : Rs. 20+GST per sale transaction, split as below. (Male – INR 3.5 (CDSL) + INR 16.5 (Angel One Charge)) (Female – INR 3.25 (CDSL) + INR 16.75 (Angle One Charge)) For example, If you sell 100 shares of TCS on Monday at 10 am and again sell 50 shares later in the day, DP charges will be applicable twice. The total DP charges levied in this case will be Rs. 47.2. Still need help? Create Ticket
DP Charges Brokerage Charges Stock Pledging Charges SEBI Charges STT (Securities Transaction Tax) Stamp Duty Transaction / Turnover Charges Account Maintenance Charges Auto Square Off Charges Brokerage Cashback Brokerage Plan Call and Trade Charges DP (Depository Participant) Charges GST (Goods & Services Tax) Off-Mkt Transaction Charges Penal/Delayed Payment Charges Pledging Charges
Brokerage Charges
Stock Pledging Charges
SEBI Charges
STT (Securities Transaction Tax)
Stamp Duty
Transaction / Turnover Charges
Account Maintenance Charges
Auto Square Off Charges
Brokerage Cashback
Brokerage Plan
Call and Trade Charges
DP (Depository Participant) Charges
GST (Goods & Services Tax)
Off-Mkt Transaction Charges
Penal/Delayed Payment Charges
Pledging Charges
What are DP charges at Angel One? Depository Participant (DP) charges are combined charges imposed by CDSL and Angel One on every sell transaction of equity delivery shares. Please note that DP charges are not applicable on intraday trades or delivery buy transactions . The details are as below. Equity delivery : Rs. 20+GST per sale transaction, split as below. (Male – INR 3.5 (CDSL) + INR 16.5 (Angel One Charge)) (Female – INR 3.25 (CDSL) + INR 16.75 (Angle One Charge)) For example, If you sell 100 shares of TCS on Monday at 10 am and again sell 50 shares later in the day, DP charges will be applicable twice. The total DP charges levied in this case will be Rs. 47.2. Still need help? Create Ticket
What are DP charges at Angel One? Depository Participant (DP) charges are combined charges imposed by CDSL and Angel One on every sell transaction of equity delivery shares. Please note that DP charges are not applicable on intraday trades or delivery buy transactions . The details are as below. Equity delivery : Rs. 20+GST per sale transaction, split as below. (Male – INR 3.5 (CDSL) + INR 16.5 (Angel One Charge)) (Female – INR 3.25 (CDSL) + INR 16.75 (Angle One Charge)) For example, If you sell 100 shares of TCS on Monday at 10 am and again sell 50 shares later in the day, DP charges will be applicable twice. The total DP charges levied in this case will be Rs. 47.2.
Depository Participant (DP) charges are combined charges imposed by CDSL and Angel One on every sell transaction of equity delivery shares. Please note that DP charges are not applicable on intraday trades or delivery buy transactions . The details are as below. Equity delivery : Rs. 20+GST per sale transaction, split as below. (Male – INR 3.5 (CDSL) + INR 16.5 (Angel One Charge)) (Female – INR 3.25 (CDSL) + INR 16.75 (Angle One Charge)) For example, If you sell 100 shares of TCS on Monday at 10 am and again sell 50 shares later in the day, DP charges will be applicable twice. The total DP charges levied in this case will be Rs. 47.2.
Depository Participant (DP) charges are combined charges imposed by CDSL and Angel One on every sell transaction of equity delivery shares. Please note that DP charges are not applicable on intraday trades or delivery buy transactions . The details are as below.
Equity delivery : Rs. 20+GST per sale transaction, split as below.
(Male – INR 3.5 (CDSL) + INR 16.5 (Angel One Charge))
(Female – INR 3.25 (CDSL) + INR 16.75 (Angle One Charge))
For example,
If you sell 100 shares of TCS on Monday at 10 am and again sell 50 shares later in the day, DP charges will be applicable twice. The total DP charges levied in this case will be Rs. 47.2.
Still need help? Create Ticket
Still need help?
Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)