=== LINK: https://www.angelone.in/support/add-and-withdraw-funds ===

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही.

En. ही.
Add Funds Add Funds Quarterly Settlement/SEBI Payout Withdraw Funds Withdrawable Balance Why is my trading balance not updated even after adding funds successfully? If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons: High Volume of Requests : When there is a high volume of fund addition requests, it might take some time to update your balance. Please wait for 15 minutes. Bank Account Issues : Ensure you add funds from the bank account registered with Angel One, and the account should be in your name. If funds are added from an unregistered bank account, the amount might get deducted but will be credited back in 3-4 working days. Why am I unable to add funds to my Angel One account? You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might be trying to add funds from a bank account not registered with your Angel One account. Incorrect UPI ID : The UPI ID used for fund addition might not be mapped to the bank account registered with Angel One. Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One. Why am I unable to add funds using UPI? You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons: Bank Account Mismatch : The bank account linked with Angel One is different from the one selected in the UPI app. Unregistered UPI ID : Your UPI ID is mapped to a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Timeout : Your UPI request on the app was not accepted within 10 minutes. Transfer Limit Exceeded : Your UPI transfer limit set by your bank is exhausted. Daily Limit Reached : Your daily UPI transaction limit is reached across all UPI apps. Insufficient Balance : You may have an insufficient balance in your bank account. Network Issues : Network failure at the bank’s/provider’s system. Incorrect UPI ID : Your UPI ID (VPA) entered is incorrect. Wrong UPI PIN : You have entered the wrong UPI PIN. Incorrect Method : You are transferring funds to Angel One’s UPI ID directly instead of using the ‘Add Funds’ option on the Angel One app/platform. Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue. Why am I unable to add funds using net banking? You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You are making payments from a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Mismatched Bank Details : You have added different bank account details on the ‘Add Funds’ page and net banking page. Incorrect Credentials : You have entered incorrect credentials on the bank’s net banking page. Insufficient Balance : You have insufficient balance in your bank account to make the transaction. Transaction Limits : Your bank has placed limits on your transaction amount or the number of transactions. Network Failure : There may be a network failure at the bank’s or provider’s system. Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking. What are the different options available to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds using any of the following options. Add funds using payment apps such as PhonePe, Google Pay, etc. Add funds using UPI ID. Add funds using net banking. Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options. Can I add funds from any bank account to my Angel One account? No, you can add funds only from your bank account registered with Angel One. This is in accordance with SEBI guidelines. You cannot add funds from a bank account that belongs to your spouse, friend, or anyone else. How to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps: Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen. Click on Add Funds . Enter the amount and choose the mode of transfer (Google Pay, PhonePe, other UPI methods, or Net banking). Follow the subsequent steps to authorize your transaction, and the funds will be added to your account. Click here for more details on adding funds. Is it mandatory to add funds via bank account registered with Angel One? Yes, as per regulatory guidelines and compliance norms, it is mandatory to transfer funds through the bank accounts registered with Angel One. Why is my amount debited from bank but not added to my trading balance? If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might have tried to add funds from an unregistered bank account. The debited amount will be credited back to your bank in 3-4 working days. Technical Glitch : There could be a technical glitch at your bank’s end. The debited amount will be refunded in 3-4 working days. Can I use debit/credit card to add funds to my Angel One account? You cannot add funds to your Angel One account using your debit or credit card. As per the regulatory guidelines, your transactions should be from a verified bank account. Also, the usage of credit cards is not allowed in the stock markets. Is there a limit on the amount of funds that I can add to my Angel One account? The limit for fund addition via UPI is 1 lakh per day. For net banking, the limit will be applicable as per the bank account. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Add Funds
Add Funds Quarterly Settlement/SEBI Payout Withdraw Funds Withdrawable Balance Why is my trading balance not updated even after adding funds successfully? If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons: High Volume of Requests : When there is a high volume of fund addition requests, it might take some time to update your balance. Please wait for 15 minutes. Bank Account Issues : Ensure you add funds from the bank account registered with Angel One, and the account should be in your name. If funds are added from an unregistered bank account, the amount might get deducted but will be credited back in 3-4 working days. Why am I unable to add funds to my Angel One account? You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might be trying to add funds from a bank account not registered with your Angel One account. Incorrect UPI ID : The UPI ID used for fund addition might not be mapped to the bank account registered with Angel One. Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One. Why am I unable to add funds using UPI? You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons: Bank Account Mismatch : The bank account linked with Angel One is different from the one selected in the UPI app. Unregistered UPI ID : Your UPI ID is mapped to a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Timeout : Your UPI request on the app was not accepted within 10 minutes. Transfer Limit Exceeded : Your UPI transfer limit set by your bank is exhausted. Daily Limit Reached : Your daily UPI transaction limit is reached across all UPI apps. Insufficient Balance : You may have an insufficient balance in your bank account. Network Issues : Network failure at the bank’s/provider’s system. Incorrect UPI ID : Your UPI ID (VPA) entered is incorrect. Wrong UPI PIN : You have entered the wrong UPI PIN. Incorrect Method : You are transferring funds to Angel One’s UPI ID directly instead of using the ‘Add Funds’ option on the Angel One app/platform. Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue. Why am I unable to add funds using net banking? You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You are making payments from a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Mismatched Bank Details : You have added different bank account details on the ‘Add Funds’ page and net banking page. Incorrect Credentials : You have entered incorrect credentials on the bank’s net banking page. Insufficient Balance : You have insufficient balance in your bank account to make the transaction. Transaction Limits : Your bank has placed limits on your transaction amount or the number of transactions. Network Failure : There may be a network failure at the bank’s or provider’s system. Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking. What are the different options available to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds using any of the following options. Add funds using payment apps such as PhonePe, Google Pay, etc. Add funds using UPI ID. Add funds using net banking. Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options. Can I add funds from any bank account to my Angel One account? No, you can add funds only from your bank account registered with Angel One. This is in accordance with SEBI guidelines. You cannot add funds from a bank account that belongs to your spouse, friend, or anyone else. How to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps: Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen. Click on Add Funds . Enter the amount and choose the mode of transfer (Google Pay, PhonePe, other UPI methods, or Net banking). Follow the subsequent steps to authorize your transaction, and the funds will be added to your account. Click here for more details on adding funds. Is it mandatory to add funds via bank account registered with Angel One? Yes, as per regulatory guidelines and compliance norms, it is mandatory to transfer funds through the bank accounts registered with Angel One. Why is my amount debited from bank but not added to my trading balance? If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might have tried to add funds from an unregistered bank account. The debited amount will be credited back to your bank in 3-4 working days. Technical Glitch : There could be a technical glitch at your bank’s end. The debited amount will be refunded in 3-4 working days. Can I use debit/credit card to add funds to my Angel One account? You cannot add funds to your Angel One account using your debit or credit card. As per the regulatory guidelines, your transactions should be from a verified bank account. Also, the usage of credit cards is not allowed in the stock markets. Is there a limit on the amount of funds that I can add to my Angel One account? The limit for fund addition via UPI is 1 lakh per day. For net banking, the limit will be applicable as per the bank account. Still need help? Create Ticket
Add Funds Quarterly Settlement/SEBI Payout Withdraw Funds Withdrawable Balance
Quarterly Settlement/SEBI Payout
Withdraw Funds
Withdrawable Balance
Why is my trading balance not updated even after adding funds successfully? If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons: High Volume of Requests : When there is a high volume of fund addition requests, it might take some time to update your balance. Please wait for 15 minutes. Bank Account Issues : Ensure you add funds from the bank account registered with Angel One, and the account should be in your name. If funds are added from an unregistered bank account, the amount might get deducted but will be credited back in 3-4 working days. Why am I unable to add funds to my Angel One account? You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might be trying to add funds from a bank account not registered with your Angel One account. Incorrect UPI ID : The UPI ID used for fund addition might not be mapped to the bank account registered with Angel One. Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One. Why am I unable to add funds using UPI? You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons: Bank Account Mismatch : The bank account linked with Angel One is different from the one selected in the UPI app. Unregistered UPI ID : Your UPI ID is mapped to a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Timeout : Your UPI request on the app was not accepted within 10 minutes. Transfer Limit Exceeded : Your UPI transfer limit set by your bank is exhausted. Daily Limit Reached : Your daily UPI transaction limit is reached across all UPI apps. Insufficient Balance : You may have an insufficient balance in your bank account. Network Issues : Network failure at the bank’s/provider’s system. Incorrect UPI ID : Your UPI ID (VPA) entered is incorrect. Wrong UPI PIN : You have entered the wrong UPI PIN. Incorrect Method : You are transferring funds to Angel One’s UPI ID directly instead of using the ‘Add Funds’ option on the Angel One app/platform. Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue. Why am I unable to add funds using net banking? You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You are making payments from a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Mismatched Bank Details : You have added different bank account details on the ‘Add Funds’ page and net banking page. Incorrect Credentials : You have entered incorrect credentials on the bank’s net banking page. Insufficient Balance : You have insufficient balance in your bank account to make the transaction. Transaction Limits : Your bank has placed limits on your transaction amount or the number of transactions. Network Failure : There may be a network failure at the bank’s or provider’s system. Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking. What are the different options available to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds using any of the following options. Add funds using payment apps such as PhonePe, Google Pay, etc. Add funds using UPI ID. Add funds using net banking. Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options. Can I add funds from any bank account to my Angel One account? No, you can add funds only from your bank account registered with Angel One. This is in accordance with SEBI guidelines. You cannot add funds from a bank account that belongs to your spouse, friend, or anyone else. How to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps: Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen. Click on Add Funds . Enter the amount and choose the mode of transfer (Google Pay, PhonePe, other UPI methods, or Net banking). Follow the subsequent steps to authorize your transaction, and the funds will be added to your account. Click here for more details on adding funds. Is it mandatory to add funds via bank account registered with Angel One? Yes, as per regulatory guidelines and compliance norms, it is mandatory to transfer funds through the bank accounts registered with Angel One. Why is my amount debited from bank but not added to my trading balance? If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might have tried to add funds from an unregistered bank account. The debited amount will be credited back to your bank in 3-4 working days. Technical Glitch : There could be a technical glitch at your bank’s end. The debited amount will be refunded in 3-4 working days. Can I use debit/credit card to add funds to my Angel One account? You cannot add funds to your Angel One account using your debit or credit card. As per the regulatory guidelines, your transactions should be from a verified bank account. Also, the usage of credit cards is not allowed in the stock markets. Is there a limit on the amount of funds that I can add to my Angel One account? The limit for fund addition via UPI is 1 lakh per day. For net banking, the limit will be applicable as per the bank account. Still need help? Create Ticket
Why is my trading balance not updated even after adding funds successfully? If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons: High Volume of Requests : When there is a high volume of fund addition requests, it might take some time to update your balance. Please wait for 15 minutes. Bank Account Issues : Ensure you add funds from the bank account registered with Angel One, and the account should be in your name. If funds are added from an unregistered bank account, the amount might get deducted but will be credited back in 3-4 working days.
If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons: High Volume of Requests : When there is a high volume of fund addition requests, it might take some time to update your balance. Please wait for 15 minutes. Bank Account Issues : Ensure you add funds from the bank account registered with Angel One, and the account should be in your name. If funds are added from an unregistered bank account, the amount might get deducted but will be credited back in 3-4 working days.
If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons:
High Volume of Requests : When there is a high volume of fund addition requests, it might take some time to update your balance. Please wait for 15 minutes.
Bank Account Issues : Ensure you add funds from the bank account registered with Angel One, and the account should be in your name. If funds are added from an unregistered bank account, the amount might get deducted but will be credited back in 3-4 working days.
Why am I unable to add funds to my Angel One account? You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might be trying to add funds from a bank account not registered with your Angel One account. Incorrect UPI ID : The UPI ID used for fund addition might not be mapped to the bank account registered with Angel One. Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One.
You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might be trying to add funds from a bank account not registered with your Angel One account. Incorrect UPI ID : The UPI ID used for fund addition might not be mapped to the bank account registered with Angel One. Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One.
You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons:
Unregistered Bank Account : You might be trying to add funds from a bank account not registered with your Angel One account.
Incorrect UPI ID : The UPI ID used for fund addition might not be mapped to the bank account registered with Angel One.
Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One.
Why am I unable to add funds using UPI? You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons: Bank Account Mismatch : The bank account linked with Angel One is different from the one selected in the UPI app. Unregistered UPI ID : Your UPI ID is mapped to a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Timeout : Your UPI request on the app was not accepted within 10 minutes. Transfer Limit Exceeded : Your UPI transfer limit set by your bank is exhausted. Daily Limit Reached : Your daily UPI transaction limit is reached across all UPI apps. Insufficient Balance : You may have an insufficient balance in your bank account. Network Issues : Network failure at the bank’s/provider’s system. Incorrect UPI ID : Your UPI ID (VPA) entered is incorrect. Wrong UPI PIN : You have entered the wrong UPI PIN. Incorrect Method : You are transferring funds to Angel One’s UPI ID directly instead of using the ‘Add Funds’ option on the Angel One app/platform. Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue.
You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons: Bank Account Mismatch : The bank account linked with Angel One is different from the one selected in the UPI app. Unregistered UPI ID : Your UPI ID is mapped to a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Timeout : Your UPI request on the app was not accepted within 10 minutes. Transfer Limit Exceeded : Your UPI transfer limit set by your bank is exhausted. Daily Limit Reached : Your daily UPI transaction limit is reached across all UPI apps. Insufficient Balance : You may have an insufficient balance in your bank account. Network Issues : Network failure at the bank’s/provider’s system. Incorrect UPI ID : Your UPI ID (VPA) entered is incorrect. Wrong UPI PIN : You have entered the wrong UPI PIN. Incorrect Method : You are transferring funds to Angel One’s UPI ID directly instead of using the ‘Add Funds’ option on the Angel One app/platform. Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue.
You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons:
Bank Account Mismatch : The bank account linked with Angel One is different from the one selected in the UPI app.
Unregistered UPI ID : Your UPI ID is mapped to a bank account that is not registered with Angel One.
Timeout : Your UPI request on the app was not accepted within 10 minutes.
Transfer Limit Exceeded : Your UPI transfer limit set by your bank is exhausted.
Daily Limit Reached : Your daily UPI transaction limit is reached across all UPI apps.
Insufficient Balance : You may have an insufficient balance in your bank account.
Network Issues : Network failure at the bank’s/provider’s system.
Incorrect UPI ID : Your UPI ID (VPA) entered is incorrect.
Wrong UPI PIN : You have entered the wrong UPI PIN.
Incorrect Method : You are transferring funds to Angel One’s UPI ID directly instead of using the ‘Add Funds’ option on the Angel One app/platform.
Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue.
Why am I unable to add funds using net banking? You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You are making payments from a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Mismatched Bank Details : You have added different bank account details on the ‘Add Funds’ page and net banking page. Incorrect Credentials : You have entered incorrect credentials on the bank’s net banking page. Insufficient Balance : You have insufficient balance in your bank account to make the transaction. Transaction Limits : Your bank has placed limits on your transaction amount or the number of transactions. Network Failure : There may be a network failure at the bank’s or provider’s system. Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking.
You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You are making payments from a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Mismatched Bank Details : You have added different bank account details on the ‘Add Funds’ page and net banking page. Incorrect Credentials : You have entered incorrect credentials on the bank’s net banking page. Insufficient Balance : You have insufficient balance in your bank account to make the transaction. Transaction Limits : Your bank has placed limits on your transaction amount or the number of transactions. Network Failure : There may be a network failure at the bank’s or provider’s system. Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking.
You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons:
Unregistered Bank Account : You are making payments from a bank account that is not registered with Angel One.
Mismatched Bank Details : You have added different bank account details on the ‘Add Funds’ page and net banking page.
Incorrect Credentials : You have entered incorrect credentials on the bank’s net banking page.
Insufficient Balance : You have insufficient balance in your bank account to make the transaction.
Transaction Limits : Your bank has placed limits on your transaction amount or the number of transactions.
Network Failure : There may be a network failure at the bank’s or provider’s system.
Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking.
What are the different options available to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds using any of the following options. Add funds using payment apps such as PhonePe, Google Pay, etc. Add funds using UPI ID. Add funds using net banking. Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options.
You can add funds using any of the following options. Add funds using payment apps such as PhonePe, Google Pay, etc. Add funds using UPI ID. Add funds using net banking. Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options.
You can add funds using any of the following options.
Add funds using payment apps such as PhonePe, Google Pay, etc.
Add funds using UPI ID.
Add funds using net banking.
Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options.
Can I add funds from any bank account to my Angel One account? No, you can add funds only from your bank account registered with Angel One. This is in accordance with SEBI guidelines. You cannot add funds from a bank account that belongs to your spouse, friend, or anyone else.
No, you can add funds only from your bank account registered with Angel One. This is in accordance with SEBI guidelines. You cannot add funds from a bank account that belongs to your spouse, friend, or anyone else.
How to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps: Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen. Click on Add Funds . Enter the amount and choose the mode of transfer (Google Pay, PhonePe, other UPI methods, or Net banking). Follow the subsequent steps to authorize your transaction, and the funds will be added to your account. Click here for more details on adding funds.
You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps: Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen. Click on Add Funds . Enter the amount and choose the mode of transfer (Google Pay, PhonePe, other UPI methods, or Net banking). Follow the subsequent steps to authorize your transaction, and the funds will be added to your account. Click here for more details on adding funds.
You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps:
Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen.
Click on Add Funds .
Enter the amount and choose the mode of transfer (Google Pay, PhonePe, other UPI methods, or Net banking).
Follow the subsequent steps to authorize your transaction, and the funds will be added to your account.
Click here for more details on adding funds.
Is it mandatory to add funds via bank account registered with Angel One? Yes, as per regulatory guidelines and compliance norms, it is mandatory to transfer funds through the bank accounts registered with Angel One.
Yes, as per regulatory guidelines and compliance norms, it is mandatory to transfer funds through the bank accounts registered with Angel One.
Why is my amount debited from bank but not added to my trading balance? If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might have tried to add funds from an unregistered bank account. The debited amount will be credited back to your bank in 3-4 working days. Technical Glitch : There could be a technical glitch at your bank’s end. The debited amount will be refunded in 3-4 working days.
If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might have tried to add funds from an unregistered bank account. The debited amount will be credited back to your bank in 3-4 working days. Technical Glitch : There could be a technical glitch at your bank’s end. The debited amount will be refunded in 3-4 working days.
If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons:
Unregistered Bank Account : You might have tried to add funds from an unregistered bank account. The debited amount will be credited back to your bank in 3-4 working days.
Technical Glitch : There could be a technical glitch at your bank’s end. The debited amount will be refunded in 3-4 working days.
Can I use debit/credit card to add funds to my Angel One account? You cannot add funds to your Angel One account using your debit or credit card. As per the regulatory guidelines, your transactions should be from a verified bank account. Also, the usage of credit cards is not allowed in the stock markets.
You cannot add funds to your Angel One account using your debit or credit card. As per the regulatory guidelines, your transactions should be from a verified bank account. Also, the usage of credit cards is not allowed in the stock markets.
Is there a limit on the amount of funds that I can add to my Angel One account? The limit for fund addition via UPI is 1 lakh per day. For net banking, the limit will be applicable as per the bank account.
The limit for fund addition via UPI is 1 lakh per day. For net banking, the limit will be applicable as per the bank account.
The limit for fund addition via UPI is 1 lakh per day.
For net banking, the limit will be applicable as per the bank account.
Withdrawable Balance
When will I get money in my bank account after placing a fund withdrawal request? We process your fund withdrawal request as per the below timeline: Days Payout Request Time Funds Credited By (approx) Monday to Friday 12:00 am – 07:00 am 11:30 am, Same Day 07:00 am – 05:30 pm 11:30 pm, Same Day 05:30 pm – 12:00 am 11:30 am, Next Working Day Saturday, Sunday Anytime 11:30 am, Next Working Day Trading/Settlement Holiday Anytime 11:30 am, Next Working Day To learn more about the fund withdrawal cycle, click here . When can I withdraw funds after selling my shares? You can withdraw money from your sell transaction on T+1 day, except for Saturday, Sunday, and Trading/Settlement holidays. For example, if you sold your shares on 14th August, the amount from the transaction will be available for withdrawal on 16th August, since 15th August is a trading holiday. Click here for more information. Why is my withdrawal amount not credited to my bank on time? The delay in crediting your withdrawal amount can be due to the following reasons: Bank Delay: Angel One has approved your request, but there’s a delay at the bank’s end. Please wait for 4 hours or directly contact your bank in this case. New Trades: If you entered into new trades after placing the withdrawal request, it can delay the settlement and processing. Please wait for 24 hours for processing and approval. Non-Trading Days: Withdrawal requests are processed only on trading/working days. For example, if you placed a request at 6 pm on Thursday, and Friday and the next Monday are holidays, your funds will be credited by 11:30 am on Tuesday. Consider weekends and trading/settlement holidays when planning your withdrawal. High Volume of Requests: In rare cases, a high number of requests can delay processing from Angel One. Please wait for 6 hours from the cut-off time and reach out for support. Why is my withdrawable balance different from the available trading balance? The difference between your withdrawable and trading balance could be due to the following reasons. When you enter a trade, your trading balance changes in real-time but the withdrawable balance is updated at the end of the day. Funds from sell transactions can be withdrawn on T+1 day (the next working day). You cannot withdraw funds on the same day you added them; you can withdraw them on the next working day. Click here to get more detailed information on the same. Why is my money not credited to my bank account even though the withdrawal request is approved? If your withdrawal request is approved, it indicates that Angel One has instructed your bank to credit the amount. Please wait till the expected time mentioned on the app. If the time has passed, please wait for 5-6 hours. You can also check your bank statement and contact your bank. Why is my withdrawal amount not credited instantly? Withdrawal requests are not credited instantly because they are processed in batches to account for any trades you might have entered on that day. These requests are processed after trading hours, considering your buy/sell transactions. Why is my withdrawal request partially approved? Your withdrawal request might be partially approved due to the following reasons: New Trades: You entered into new trades after placing the request. Example: If you had Rs. 1000 and placed a withdrawal request at 11 am for Rs. 1000, but then bought shares worth Rs. 500 at 2 pm, you will receive Rs. 500 (minus brokerage and charges). Margin Requirements: You have margin requirements in your account. Accrual Charges: You have pending accrual charges on your account. Click here for more information. How can I check the status of my fund withdrawal request? You can follow these steps to check the status of your withdrawal request: Click on the Account screen in the app. Scroll down to the Dash section. Click on Fund Transactions . Click on Funds Withdrawn . Click here to find all the fund withdrawal requests and their statuses. Why am I unable to withdraw my money from my Angel One account? You might be unable to withdraw your money for the following reasons: Sell Transactions: Funds from sell transactions can be withdrawn on T+1 day (the next working day). For example, if you sold shares worth Rs. 1000 on Friday, you can place a withdrawal request on Monday. Same-Day Deposits: Funds added to your account cannot be withdrawn on the same day; you can withdraw them on the next working day. How can I withdraw funds from my Angel One account? You can withdraw your funds from the Angel One account by following the below steps. Log in to your account. Go to the Account screen. Click on the “ Withdraw ” button under Trading Balance at the top of the screen. Here you will be able to check the withdrawable amount . You can enter the amount you want to withdraw and the bank account to which the money needs to be credited. Please note the estimated credit time shown on the screen. Kindly note that the withdrawal amount is updated every morning after taking the previous day’s transactions into account. Still need help? Create Ticket
When will I get money in my bank account after placing a fund withdrawal request? We process your fund withdrawal request as per the below timeline: Days Payout Request Time Funds Credited By (approx) Monday to Friday 12:00 am – 07:00 am 11:30 am, Same Day 07:00 am – 05:30 pm 11:30 pm, Same Day 05:30 pm – 12:00 am 11:30 am, Next Working Day Saturday, Sunday Anytime 11:30 am, Next Working Day Trading/Settlement Holiday Anytime 11:30 am, Next Working Day To learn more about the fund withdrawal cycle, click here .
We process your fund withdrawal request as per the below timeline: Days Payout Request Time Funds Credited By (approx) Monday to Friday 12:00 am – 07:00 am 11:30 am, Same Day 07:00 am – 05:30 pm 11:30 pm, Same Day 05:30 pm – 12:00 am 11:30 am, Next Working Day Saturday, Sunday Anytime 11:30 am, Next Working Day Trading/Settlement Holiday Anytime 11:30 am, Next Working Day To learn more about the fund withdrawal cycle, click here .
We process your fund withdrawal request as per the below timeline:
To learn more about the fund withdrawal cycle, click here .
When can I withdraw funds after selling my shares? You can withdraw money from your sell transaction on T+1 day, except for Saturday, Sunday, and Trading/Settlement holidays. For example, if you sold your shares on 14th August, the amount from the transaction will be available for withdrawal on 16th August, since 15th August is a trading holiday. Click here for more information.
You can withdraw money from your sell transaction on T+1 day, except for Saturday, Sunday, and Trading/Settlement holidays. For example, if you sold your shares on 14th August, the amount from the transaction will be available for withdrawal on 16th August, since 15th August is a trading holiday. Click here for more information.
You can withdraw money from your sell transaction on T+1 day, except for Saturday, Sunday, and Trading/Settlement holidays.
For example, if you sold your shares on 14th August, the amount from the transaction will be available for withdrawal on 16th August, since 15th August is a trading holiday.
Click here for more information.
Why is my withdrawal amount not credited to my bank on time? The delay in crediting your withdrawal amount can be due to the following reasons: Bank Delay: Angel One has approved your request, but there’s a delay at the bank’s end. Please wait for 4 hours or directly contact your bank in this case. New Trades: If you entered into new trades after placing the withdrawal request, it can delay the settlement and processing. Please wait for 24 hours for processing and approval. Non-Trading Days: Withdrawal requests are processed only on trading/working days. For example, if you placed a request at 6 pm on Thursday, and Friday and the next Monday are holidays, your funds will be credited by 11:30 am on Tuesday. Consider weekends and trading/settlement holidays when planning your withdrawal. High Volume of Requests: In rare cases, a high number of requests can delay processing from Angel One. Please wait for 6 hours from the cut-off time and reach out for support.
The delay in crediting your withdrawal amount can be due to the following reasons: Bank Delay: Angel One has approved your request, but there’s a delay at the bank’s end. Please wait for 4 hours or directly contact your bank in this case. New Trades: If you entered into new trades after placing the withdrawal request, it can delay the settlement and processing. Please wait for 24 hours for processing and approval. Non-Trading Days: Withdrawal requests are processed only on trading/working days. For example, if you placed a request at 6 pm on Thursday, and Friday and the next Monday are holidays, your funds will be credited by 11:30 am on Tuesday. Consider weekends and trading/settlement holidays when planning your withdrawal. High Volume of Requests: In rare cases, a high number of requests can delay processing from Angel One. Please wait for 6 hours from the cut-off time and reach out for support.
The delay in crediting your withdrawal amount can be due to the following reasons:
Bank Delay: Angel One has approved your request, but there’s a delay at the bank’s end. Please wait for 4 hours or directly contact your bank in this case.
New Trades: If you entered into new trades after placing the withdrawal request, it can delay the settlement and processing. Please wait for 24 hours for processing and approval.
Non-Trading Days: Withdrawal requests are processed only on trading/working days. For example, if you placed a request at 6 pm on Thursday, and Friday and the next Monday are holidays, your funds will be credited by 11:30 am on Tuesday. Consider weekends and trading/settlement holidays when planning your withdrawal.
High Volume of Requests: In rare cases, a high number of requests can delay processing from Angel One. Please wait for 6 hours from the cut-off time and reach out for support.
Why is my withdrawable balance different from the available trading balance? The difference between your withdrawable and trading balance could be due to the following reasons. When you enter a trade, your trading balance changes in real-time but the withdrawable balance is updated at the end of the day. Funds from sell transactions can be withdrawn on T+1 day (the next working day). You cannot withdraw funds on the same day you added them; you can withdraw them on the next working day. Click here to get more detailed information on the same.
The difference between your withdrawable and trading balance could be due to the following reasons. When you enter a trade, your trading balance changes in real-time but the withdrawable balance is updated at the end of the day. Funds from sell transactions can be withdrawn on T+1 day (the next working day). You cannot withdraw funds on the same day you added them; you can withdraw them on the next working day. Click here to get more detailed information on the same.
The difference between your withdrawable and trading balance could be due to the following reasons.
When you enter a trade, your trading balance changes in real-time but the withdrawable balance is updated at the end of the day.
Funds from sell transactions can be withdrawn on T+1 day (the next working day).
You cannot withdraw funds on the same day you added them; you can withdraw them on the next working day.
Click here to get more detailed information on the same.
Why is my money not credited to my bank account even though the withdrawal request is approved? If your withdrawal request is approved, it indicates that Angel One has instructed your bank to credit the amount. Please wait till the expected time mentioned on the app. If the time has passed, please wait for 5-6 hours. You can also check your bank statement and contact your bank.
If your withdrawal request is approved, it indicates that Angel One has instructed your bank to credit the amount. Please wait till the expected time mentioned on the app. If the time has passed, please wait for 5-6 hours. You can also check your bank statement and contact your bank.
If your withdrawal request is approved, it indicates that Angel One has instructed your bank to credit the amount.
Please wait till the expected time mentioned on the app. If the time has passed, please wait for 5-6 hours. You can also check your bank statement and contact your bank.
Why is my withdrawal amount not credited instantly? Withdrawal requests are not credited instantly because they are processed in batches to account for any trades you might have entered on that day. These requests are processed after trading hours, considering your buy/sell transactions.
Withdrawal requests are not credited instantly because they are processed in batches to account for any trades you might have entered on that day. These requests are processed after trading hours, considering your buy/sell transactions.
Why is my withdrawal request partially approved? Your withdrawal request might be partially approved due to the following reasons: New Trades: You entered into new trades after placing the request. Example: If you had Rs. 1000 and placed a withdrawal request at 11 am for Rs. 1000, but then bought shares worth Rs. 500 at 2 pm, you will receive Rs. 500 (minus brokerage and charges). Margin Requirements: You have margin requirements in your account. Accrual Charges: You have pending accrual charges on your account. Click here for more information.
Your withdrawal request might be partially approved due to the following reasons: New Trades: You entered into new trades after placing the request. Example: If you had Rs. 1000 and placed a withdrawal request at 11 am for Rs. 1000, but then bought shares worth Rs. 500 at 2 pm, you will receive Rs. 500 (minus brokerage and charges). Margin Requirements: You have margin requirements in your account. Accrual Charges: You have pending accrual charges on your account. Click here for more information.
Your withdrawal request might be partially approved due to the following reasons:
New Trades: You entered into new trades after placing the request. Example: If you had Rs. 1000 and placed a withdrawal request at 11 am for Rs. 1000, but then bought shares worth Rs. 500 at 2 pm, you will receive Rs. 500 (minus brokerage and charges).
Margin Requirements: You have margin requirements in your account.
Accrual Charges: You have pending accrual charges on your account.
How can I check the status of my fund withdrawal request? You can follow these steps to check the status of your withdrawal request: Click on the Account screen in the app. Scroll down to the Dash section. Click on Fund Transactions . Click on Funds Withdrawn . Click here to find all the fund withdrawal requests and their statuses.
You can follow these steps to check the status of your withdrawal request: Click on the Account screen in the app. Scroll down to the Dash section. Click on Fund Transactions . Click on Funds Withdrawn . Click here to find all the fund withdrawal requests and their statuses.
You can follow these steps to check the status of your withdrawal request:
Click on the Account screen in the app.
Scroll down to the Dash section.
Click on Fund Transactions .
Click on Funds Withdrawn .
Click here to find all the fund withdrawal requests and their statuses.
Why am I unable to withdraw my money from my Angel One account? You might be unable to withdraw your money for the following reasons: Sell Transactions: Funds from sell transactions can be withdrawn on T+1 day (the next working day). For example, if you sold shares worth Rs. 1000 on Friday, you can place a withdrawal request on Monday. Same-Day Deposits: Funds added to your account cannot be withdrawn on the same day; you can withdraw them on the next working day.
You might be unable to withdraw your money for the following reasons: Sell Transactions: Funds from sell transactions can be withdrawn on T+1 day (the next working day). For example, if you sold shares worth Rs. 1000 on Friday, you can place a withdrawal request on Monday. Same-Day Deposits: Funds added to your account cannot be withdrawn on the same day; you can withdraw them on the next working day.
You might be unable to withdraw your money for the following reasons:
Sell Transactions: Funds from sell transactions can be withdrawn on T+1 day (the next working day). For example, if you sold shares worth Rs. 1000 on Friday, you can place a withdrawal request on Monday.
Same-Day Deposits: Funds added to your account cannot be withdrawn on the same day; you can withdraw them on the next working day.
How can I withdraw funds from my Angel One account? You can withdraw your funds from the Angel One account by following the below steps. Log in to your account. Go to the Account screen. Click on the “ Withdraw ” button under Trading Balance at the top of the screen. Here you will be able to check the withdrawable amount . You can enter the amount you want to withdraw and the bank account to which the money needs to be credited. Please note the estimated credit time shown on the screen. Kindly note that the withdrawal amount is updated every morning after taking the previous day’s transactions into account.
You can withdraw your funds from the Angel One account by following the below steps. Log in to your account. Go to the Account screen. Click on the “ Withdraw ” button under Trading Balance at the top of the screen. Here you will be able to check the withdrawable amount . You can enter the amount you want to withdraw and the bank account to which the money needs to be credited. Please note the estimated credit time shown on the screen. Kindly note that the withdrawal amount is updated every morning after taking the previous day’s transactions into account.
You can withdraw your funds from the Angel One account by following the below steps.
Log in to your account.
Go to the Account screen.
Click on the “ Withdraw ” button under Trading Balance at the top of the screen.
Here you will be able to check the withdrawable amount .
You can enter the amount you want to withdraw and the bank account to which the money needs to be credited.
Please note the estimated credit time shown on the screen.
Kindly note that the withdrawal amount is updated every morning after taking the previous day’s transactions into account.
Why were my funds withdrawn and credited to my bank account even though I didn’t place a request? There are two reasons why this could happen. Quarterly Settlement: As per the SEBI guidelines, all stockbrokers are required to transfer the funds lying in the client account back to their bank at least once every quarter. The funds will be transferred back to the primary bank account mapped to your Angel One account. Fund Settlement Frequency: Your fund settlement frequency might be set to daily settlement. You can edit it by visiting Account → Profile → Fund Settlement Frequency in our mobile app. What is quarterly settlement of funds or SEBI payout? The quarterly settlement of funds is a SEBI requirement for all stockbrokers to settle client funds lying in trading accounts at least once every quarter. The funds are transferred back to the primary bank account mapped to your Angel One account. Still need help? Create Ticket
There are two reasons why this could happen. Quarterly Settlement: As per the SEBI guidelines, all stockbrokers are required to transfer the funds lying in the client account back to their bank at least once every quarter. The funds will be transferred back to the primary bank account mapped to your Angel One account. Fund Settlement Frequency: Your fund settlement frequency might be set to daily settlement. You can edit it by visiting Account → Profile → Fund Settlement Frequency in our mobile app.
There are two reasons why this could happen.
Quarterly Settlement: As per the SEBI guidelines, all stockbrokers are required to transfer the funds lying in the client account back to their bank at least once every quarter. The funds will be transferred back to the primary bank account mapped to your Angel One account.
Fund Settlement Frequency: Your fund settlement frequency might be set to daily settlement. You can edit it by visiting Account → Profile → Fund Settlement Frequency in our mobile app.
What is quarterly settlement of funds or SEBI payout? The quarterly settlement of funds is a SEBI requirement for all stockbrokers to settle client funds lying in trading accounts at least once every quarter. The funds are transferred back to the primary bank account mapped to your Angel One account.
Why is my withdrawable balance less than the trading balance? Your withdrawable balance is the amount eligible for withdrawal on a given day. Any unsettled balance from your trades will be available for withdrawal on T+1 day (next working day). The following balances will be available for withdrawal on the next working day: 1.Funds from delivery sell transactions. 2,Profits from intraday transactions. 3,Profits from F&O transactions. 4,Funds from commodity and currency transactions.
Why is my withdrawable balance not updated? Your withdrawable balance is updated once every morning, after adjusting for all the transactions made on the previous trading day. This balance can be different from the trading balance, which changes in real time.

Still need help? Create Ticket
Still need help?
Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)