=== LINK: https://www.angelone.in/support/reports-and-statements ===

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही.

Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
En. ही.
Client Master List Client Master List Contract Note Holding Statement Ledger Profit & Loss (P&L Statements) Trade History/Sauda Summary What is Client Master List? Client Master List (CML) is a document with details of your DEMAT account providing your information such as name, address, DOB, bank account, nominations etc. To know about Client Master List “ Click Here “ How can I get a copy of my Client Master List (CML)? While we dont have reports yet. We are working on it to make it avaible to you ASAP. You can follow our product updated on our blog. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Client Master List
Client Master List Contract Note Holding Statement Ledger Profit & Loss (P&L Statements) Trade History/Sauda Summary What is Client Master List? Client Master List (CML) is a document with details of your DEMAT account providing your information such as name, address, DOB, bank account, nominations etc. To know about Client Master List “ Click Here “ How can I get a copy of my Client Master List (CML)? While we dont have reports yet. We are working on it to make it avaible to you ASAP. You can follow our product updated on our blog. Still need help? Create Ticket
Client Master List Contract Note Holding Statement Ledger Profit & Loss (P&L Statements) Trade History/Sauda Summary
Contract Note
Holding Statement
Ledger
Profit & Loss (P&L Statements)
Trade History/Sauda Summary
What is Client Master List? Client Master List (CML) is a document with details of your DEMAT account providing your information such as name, address, DOB, bank account, nominations etc. To know about Client Master List “ Click Here “ How can I get a copy of my Client Master List (CML)? While we dont have reports yet. We are working on it to make it avaible to you ASAP. You can follow our product updated on our blog. Still need help? Create Ticket
What is Client Master List? Client Master List (CML) is a document with details of your DEMAT account providing your information such as name, address, DOB, bank account, nominations etc. To know about Client Master List “ Click Here “
Client Master List (CML) is a document with details of your DEMAT account providing your information such as name, address, DOB, bank account, nominations etc. To know about Client Master List “ Click Here “
Client Master List (CML) is a document with details of your DEMAT account providing your information such as name, address, DOB, bank account, nominations etc.
To know about Client Master List “ Click Here “
How can I get a copy of my Client Master List (CML)? While we dont have reports yet. We are working on it to make it avaible to you ASAP. You can follow our product updated on our blog.
While we dont have reports yet. We are working on it to make it avaible to you ASAP. You can follow our product updated on our blog.
What is a Contract Note? A contract note is a confirmation of trades done on a particular day.
How can I download the Contract note? You can download the day-wise contract note from our app. Follow the steps below. Go to the Account section on the App. Go to Statements Click on Trade executed You will find an option to download the contract note here. We also send you the contract note to your registered email ID.
What is Holding statements? The holding statement provides all the details of your portfolio/holdings at any given time. You will find the stock names, average price, quantity, and other details in the holding statement.
How can I download Holding statements? You can download your holding statements in an Excel sheet by following these steps. Login to your Angel One account. Go to the Portfolio section on the App. Choose Equity, Mutual Funds, SGB, etc. Click on the download button on the top right part of the screen
When will my portfolio be updated with my latest investments? Your portfolio will be updated with your latest investments on an immediate basis
What is a Ledger Statement? Ledger is a record of your account transactions, updated daily. It contains details of fund pay-ins and fund withdrawals, payments made for purchases, payments received for sell transactions, and charges incurred. It also gives a running balance of the cash limit in your account. For details on how to read ledger “ Click Here “ How can I download Ledger statements? You can download your ledger statement by following these steps. Login to your Angel One account. Go to the Account section in the application. You will find the Statements/Ledger section on this screen. Click on it. Select the time period. Click on the download button on the top right part of the screen. When will my funds pay-in be reflected in my ledger? Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you – Upto 5 minutes – UPI Payments / Google Pay Upto 15-30 minutes – Net Banking Upto 3 hours – NEFT / RTGS When will my ledger be udpated with my trading transactions? Your Ledger will be updated with your trading transaction by the end of the trading day. When will Funds reflect in my Demat account? Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you – UPI Payments / Google Pay – Instantly Net Banking – Instantly NEFT / RTGS – 3-4 Hours Still need help? Create Ticket
What is a Ledger Statement? Ledger is a record of your account transactions, updated daily. It contains details of fund pay-ins and fund withdrawals, payments made for purchases, payments received for sell transactions, and charges incurred. It also gives a running balance of the cash limit in your account. For details on how to read ledger “ Click Here “
Ledger is a record of your account transactions, updated daily. It contains details of fund pay-ins and fund withdrawals, payments made for purchases, payments received for sell transactions, and charges incurred. It also gives a running balance of the cash limit in your account. For details on how to read ledger “ Click Here “
Ledger is a record of your account transactions, updated daily. It contains details of fund pay-ins and fund withdrawals, payments made for purchases, payments received for sell transactions, and charges incurred. It also gives a running balance of the cash limit in your account.
For details on how to read ledger “ Click Here “
How can I download Ledger statements? You can download your ledger statement by following these steps. Login to your Angel One account. Go to the Account section in the application. You will find the Statements/Ledger section on this screen. Click on it. Select the time period. Click on the download button on the top right part of the screen.
You can download your ledger statement by following these steps. Login to your Angel One account. Go to the Account section in the application. You will find the Statements/Ledger section on this screen. Click on it. Select the time period. Click on the download button on the top right part of the screen.
You can download your ledger statement by following these steps.
Login to your Angel One account.
Go to the Account section in the application.
You will find the Statements/Ledger section on this screen. Click on it.
Select the time period.
Click on the download button on the top right part of the screen.
When will my funds pay-in be reflected in my ledger? Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you – Upto 5 minutes – UPI Payments / Google Pay Upto 15-30 minutes – Net Banking Upto 3 hours – NEFT / RTGS
Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you – Upto 5 minutes – UPI Payments / Google Pay Upto 15-30 minutes – Net Banking Upto 3 hours – NEFT / RTGS
When will my ledger be udpated with my trading transactions? Your Ledger will be updated with your trading transaction by the end of the trading day.
Your Ledger will be updated with your trading transaction by the end of the trading day.
When will Funds reflect in my Demat account? Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you – UPI Payments / Google Pay – Instantly Net Banking – Instantly NEFT / RTGS – 3-4 Hours
Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you – UPI Payments / Google Pay – Instantly Net Banking – Instantly NEFT / RTGS – 3-4 Hours
Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you –
UPI Payments / Google Pay – Instantly Net Banking – Instantly NEFT / RTGS – 3-4 Hours
How can I download Profit & loss (P&L) statements? You can download the P&L statements from the last two years by following these steps. Login to your Angel One account. Go to the Account section in the application. You will find the Profit and Loss section on this screen. Click on it.
You can see Profit & loss for the selected date range. Click on the download button. Choose the Detailed Tax P&L statement if you are filing ITR. Select the date range and click on download. Please note that you will also find short-term and long-term capital gains in tax P&L.
What is trade history summary report? Trade history report contains details about all your transactions and corresponding charges with other information such as date, type, and segment of order.
How can I download the trade history summary report? Download mobile app and get access to the report
What are the different Charts interface available on Angel One? Android and IOS mobile app: Chart IQ and Trading View Web: Trading View only How to interchange between Chart IQ and Trading View chart in Mobile App? On the Android and iOS mobile version, you can simply go to Account > Settings > Scroll down to Charts and choose between ChartIQ or TradingView. Note that you can change the chart version only on the mobile version and not the web application. Chart Price scale is changed to logarithmic values. How can i change it back to default settings? Follow these steps to adjust your price scale to regular: 1. Open the chart and check the price scale on the right-hand side of the chart. 2. Below it, you will find a settings icon (shaped like a sun). 3. Click this settings icon. 4. Thereafter, a menu with different options will appear. 5. Click on ‘Regular’ to bring the price scale back to the default setting. Where can I find Chart IQ? On the Angel One mobile app, you can find the Chart IQ interface by going to Account > Settings > Scroll down to Charts and choose ChartIQ. Please note that you can change the chart version only on the mobile version and not on the web app. We are working on making ChartIQ available on Web as well. Is Chart IQ available on web? No, Chart IQ is not available on web as of today. Chart IQ is available only on mobile app. We are working on making it available to you on web soon. Still need help? Create Ticket
What are the different Charts interface available on Angel One? Android and IOS mobile app: Chart IQ and Trading View Web: Trading View only
Android and IOS mobile app: Chart IQ and Trading View Web: Trading View only
Android and IOS mobile app: Chart IQ and Trading View
Web: Trading View only
How to interchange between Chart IQ and Trading View chart in Mobile App? On the Android and iOS mobile version, you can simply go to Account > Settings > Scroll down to Charts and choose between ChartIQ or TradingView. Note that you can change the chart version only on the mobile version and not the web application.
Where can I find Chart IQ? On the Angel One mobile app, you can find the Chart IQ interface by going to Account > Settings > Scroll down to Charts and choose ChartIQ. Please note that you can change the chart version only on the mobile version and not on the web app. We are working on making ChartIQ available on Web as well.
On the Angel One mobile app, you can find the Chart IQ interface by going to Account > Settings > Scroll down to Charts and choose ChartIQ. Please note that you can change the chart version only on the mobile version and not on the web app. We are working on making ChartIQ available on Web as well.
On the Angel One mobile app, you can find the Chart IQ interface by going to Account > Settings > Scroll down to Charts and choose ChartIQ. Please note that you can change the chart version only on the mobile version and not on the web app.
We are working on making ChartIQ available on Web as well.
Is Chart IQ available on web? No, Chart IQ is not available on web as of today. Chart IQ is available only on mobile app. We are working on making it available to you on web soon.
No, Chart IQ is not available on web as of today. Chart IQ is available only on mobile app. We are working on making it available to you on web soon.
How to interpret Boring and Explosive Indicators? Absolute (OpenPrice – ClosePrice) / Absolute (HighPrice – LowPrice) < 0.5, Colour it as Boring Candle .Absolute (OpenPrice – ClosePrice) / Absolute (HighPrice – LowPrice) > 0.5, Colour it as Explosive Candle.If the value = 0.5 , do not change the candle colour
How to interpret ORB Indicator? Opening Range Breakout – Opening Range is high and low price range of the 1st candle in Intraday period specified. Any Following candle after that first candle breaking the upper range is Buy Signal and breaking the lower range is Sell signal.
How to interpret settings for Bollinger Bands? Bollinger Bands are a technical analysis tool used by traders and investors to help interpret and analyze price volatility and potential price reversals in financial markets. You can check out how to interpret Bollinger Bands in this article.





Still need help? Create Ticket
Still need help
Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com
For any partnership requests please reach us at
Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)