=== LINK: https://www.angelone.in/support/complaince ===


Trading & Surveillance Trading & Surveillance Risk Management – ASM & GSM What is a surveillance measure? Market surveillance plays a key role in ensuring safety and integrity of the markets as it the process of prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading practices in the securities markets. Surveillance Measure is an initative by the regulatory bodies and exchanges to protect traders and investors by monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities like insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more. What is ASM? SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) along with the stock exchanges have initiated an Additional Surveillance Measure or ASM to safeguard investors’ interests by ensuring there are no market speculations or manipulations like unexpected price movements. The stocks are categorized under ASM for surveillance based on criteria specified by NSE here . What is GSM? GSM or Graded Surveillance Measure is a system used by Indian Stock Exchanges like NSE and BSE to alert traders/investors and ask them to be extra cautious while dealing in certain securities which have been categorized under GSM. Scrips can be classified under GSM due to abnormal price hike that doesn’t match with the company’s financial health, are illiquid, have negligible market capital, and are underpreforming. What is the difference between ASM and GSM? The main aim of the ASM framework is to control stock volatility, while the primary objective of GSM is to protect the investors from underperforming stocks by not allowing intraday trading and to advise them to be extra vigilant while dealing with securities that are witnessing unusual price fluctuations. Both these frameworks are introduced with different objectives, but their main goal is to protect traders and investors. What is the basis of categorizing a scrip under ASM? SEBI and Exchanges jointly decides the objective criterion to shortlist securities under ASM based on the following parameters: 1. High Low Variation 2. Client Concentration 3. Close to Close Price Variation 4. Market Capitalization 5. Volume Variation 6. Delivery Percentage 7. No. of Unique PANs & PEs When will a scrip be classified under GSM? On the basis of below-mentioned pointers, Regulatory Body and the Exchanges make their decision of adding a scrip under GSM category: 1. Periodic Call Auction Session for Illiquid Securities 2. Periodic Review of Movement of Securities to/from Trade for Trade 3. Persistent Noise Creators 4. Rumour Verification and Clarification in case of Spurt in Price/Volume When will a scrip get out of ASM/GSM? Every 2 months in the case of ASM and every quarter in the case of GSM, the stock can go in and out of the list based on the review carried out by the exchange. What are the surveillance measures under ASM? Please find the detailed surveillance measures under ASM here . Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US

Risk Management – ASM & GSM
What is a surveillance measure? Market surveillance plays a key role in ensuring safety and integrity of the markets as it the process of prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading practices in the securities markets. Surveillance Measure is an initative by the regulatory bodies and exchanges to protect traders and investors by monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities like insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more. What is ASM? SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) along with the stock exchanges have initiated an Additional Surveillance Measure or ASM to safeguard investors’ interests by ensuring there are no market speculations or manipulations like unexpected price movements. The stocks are categorized under ASM for surveillance based on criteria specified by NSE here . What is GSM? GSM or Graded Surveillance Measure is a system used by Indian Stock Exchanges like NSE and BSE to alert traders/investors and ask them to be extra cautious while dealing in certain securities which have been categorized under GSM. Scrips can be classified under GSM due to abnormal price hike that doesn’t match with the company’s financial health, are illiquid, have negligible market capital, and are underpreforming. What is the difference between ASM and GSM? The main aim of the ASM framework is to control stock volatility, while the primary objective of GSM is to protect the investors from underperforming stocks by not allowing intraday trading and to advise them to be extra vigilant while dealing with securities that are witnessing unusual price fluctuations. Both these frameworks are introduced with different objectives, but their main goal is to protect traders and investors. What is the basis of categorizing a scrip under ASM? SEBI and Exchanges jointly decides the objective criterion to shortlist securities under ASM based on the following parameters: 1. High Low Variation 2. Client Concentration 3. Close to Close Price Variation 4. Market Capitalization 5. Volume Variation 6. Delivery Percentage 7. No. of Unique PANs & PEs When will a scrip be classified under GSM? On the basis of below-mentioned pointers, Regulatory Body and the Exchanges make their decision of adding a scrip under GSM category: 1. Periodic Call Auction Session for Illiquid Securities 2. Periodic Review of Movement of Securities to/from Trade for Trade 3. Persistent Noise Creators 4. Rumour Verification and Clarification in case of Spurt in Price/Volume When will a scrip get out of ASM/GSM? Every 2 months in the case of ASM and every quarter in the case of GSM, the stock can go in and out of the list based on the review carried out by the exchange. What are the surveillance measures under ASM? Please find the detailed surveillance measures under ASM here . Still need help? Create Ticket
What is a surveillance measure? Market surveillance plays a key role in ensuring safety and integrity of the markets as it the process of prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading practices in the securities markets. Surveillance Measure is an initative by the regulatory bodies and exchanges to protect traders and investors by monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities like insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more.
Market surveillance plays a key role in ensuring safety and integrity of the markets as it the process of prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading practices in the securities markets. Surveillance Measure is an initative by the regulatory bodies and exchanges to protect traders and investors by monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities like insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more.
What is ASM? SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) along with the stock exchanges have initiated an Additional Surveillance Measure or ASM to safeguard investors’ interests by ensuring there are no market speculations or manipulations like unexpected price movements. The stocks are categorized under ASM for surveillance based on criteria specified by NSE here .
SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) along with the stock exchanges have initiated an Additional Surveillance Measure or ASM to safeguard investors’ interests by ensuring there are no market speculations or manipulations like unexpected price movements. The stocks are categorized under ASM for surveillance based on criteria specified by NSE here .
What is GSM? GSM or Graded Surveillance Measure is a system used by Indian Stock Exchanges like NSE and BSE to alert traders/investors and ask them to be extra cautious while dealing in certain securities which have been categorized under GSM. Scrips can be classified under GSM due to abnormal price hike that doesn’t match with the company’s financial health, are illiquid, have negligible market capital, and are underpreforming.
GSM or Graded Surveillance Measure is a system used by Indian Stock Exchanges like NSE and BSE to alert traders/investors and ask them to be extra cautious while dealing in certain securities which have been categorized under GSM. Scrips can be classified under GSM due to abnormal price hike that doesn’t match with the company’s financial health, are illiquid, have negligible market capital, and are underpreforming.
What is the difference between ASM and GSM? The main aim of the ASM framework is to control stock volatility, while the primary objective of GSM is to protect the investors from underperforming stocks by not allowing intraday trading and to advise them to be extra vigilant while dealing with securities that are witnessing unusual price fluctuations. Both these frameworks are introduced with different objectives, but their main goal is to protect traders and investors.
The main aim of the ASM framework is to control stock volatility, while the primary objective of GSM is to protect the investors from underperforming stocks by not allowing intraday trading and to advise them to be extra vigilant while dealing with securities that are witnessing unusual price fluctuations. Both these frameworks are introduced with different objectives, but their main goal is to protect traders and investors.
What is the basis of categorizing a scrip under ASM? SEBI and Exchanges jointly decides the objective criterion to shortlist securities under ASM based on the following parameters: 1. High Low Variation 2. Client Concentration 3. Close to Close Price Variation 4. Market Capitalization 5. Volume Variation 6. Delivery Percentage 7. No. of Unique PANs & PEs
SEBI and Exchanges jointly decides the objective criterion to shortlist securities under ASM based on the following parameters: 1. High Low Variation 2. Client Concentration 3. Close to Close Price Variation 4. Market Capitalization 5. Volume Variation 6. Delivery Percentage 7. No. of Unique PANs & PEs
When will a scrip be classified under GSM? On the basis of below-mentioned pointers, Regulatory Body and the Exchanges make their decision of adding a scrip under GSM category: 1. Periodic Call Auction Session for Illiquid Securities 2. Periodic Review of Movement of Securities to/from Trade for Trade 3. Persistent Noise Creators 4. Rumour Verification and Clarification in case of Spurt in Price/Volume
On the basis of below-mentioned pointers, Regulatory Body and the Exchanges make their decision of adding a scrip under GSM category: 1. Periodic Call Auction Session for Illiquid Securities 2. Periodic Review of Movement of Securities to/from Trade for Trade 3. Persistent Noise Creators 4. Rumour Verification and Clarification in case of Spurt in Price/Volume
When will a scrip get out of ASM/GSM? Every 2 months in the case of ASM and every quarter in the case of GSM, the stock can go in and out of the list based on the review carried out by the exchange.
Every 2 months in the case of ASM and every quarter in the case of GSM, the stock can go in and out of the list based on the review carried out by the exchange.
What are the surveillance measures under ASM? Please find the detailed surveillance measures under ASM here .
Please find the detailed surveillance measures under ASM here .
Where can we see the complete list of securities under ASM/GSM? The ASM and GSM lists change from time to time. You can see or download the current securities list from the table below. Exchange Category NSE ASM Stocks NSE GSM Stocks BSE ASM Stocks BSE GSM Stocks Does Angel One allow buying and selling of scrips under ASM and GSM? Yes, we allow buying and selling of scrips under ASM and GSM, owing to certain rules and regulations. At Angel, trading is allowed in ASM scrips, while in the case of GSM, only scrips categorised under 0 and 1 are allowed for trading. Why is a particular scrip or scrips blocked from trading? To safeguard the clients from undue loss arising due to monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities such as insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more, particular scrip and scrips are blocked from trading. How much margin is charged for ASM/GSM scrip? The applicable margin while placing orders for ASM/GSM scrip will be 100% in all stages while the price band fluctuates. For GSM: In Stage 1, the applicable margin shall be 100%, while, from Stage 2 onwards, an Additional Surveillance Deposit of 50% or 100% will be applicable based on GSM stage. Note: Please know that clients will not be able to buy stocks that are in stage 2 of GSM or higher. These stocks will require Additional Surveillance Deposit (ASD) of 100% of the trade value or more and this margin will remain blocked by the exchange atleast for 2 months even after the stock is solid. Can I trade in scrips categorized as unsolicited? No, trading in unsolicited scrips is restricted at Angel One. Click here to know more unsolicited investment tips. What are Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) and Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA)? What happens when a stock is under the surveillance of either of these codes? Insolvency Bankruptcy Code (IBC): This law is incorporated to handle insolvency and bankruptcy cases. When a stock is under surveillance for IBC, it means the company is going through an insolvency procedure. For some of these stocks, trading may still be allowed subject to the stage of surveillance. Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA): An agreement between various lenders and a single borrower that describes their rights and obligations in case of a default is ICA. When a company has entered into ICA to restructure the debt, its stock comes under the surveillance. In these cases, trading in the stocks might be allowed but with certain restrictions in place. Why are some scrips blocked from trading in Options? Trading is resticted for certain scrips to protect clients from undue loss arising due to liquid counters. Why am I unable to buy/sell SME shares? If the client has bought SME shares through IPO, selling is allowed. However, buying is completely blocked as per the risk and management decision to safeguard clients from undue losses occuring due to liquid counters. Why am I allowed to buy/sell limited quantity? Buying/selling is limited to a particular quantity due to illiquid counters and dry volumes. This restriction also safeguards clients from excess losses. Why are certain scrips allowed to trade only 2 times in a financial year? This criteria is removed from Angel One. Still need help? Create Ticket
Where can we see the complete list of securities under ASM/GSM? The ASM and GSM lists change from time to time. You can see or download the current securities list from the table below. Exchange Category NSE ASM Stocks NSE GSM Stocks BSE ASM Stocks BSE GSM Stocks
The ASM and GSM lists change from time to time. You can see or download the current securities list from the table below. Exchange Category NSE ASM Stocks NSE GSM Stocks BSE ASM Stocks BSE GSM Stocks
The ASM and GSM lists change from time to time. You can see or download the current securities list from the table below.
Does Angel One allow buying and selling of scrips under ASM and GSM? Yes, we allow buying and selling of scrips under ASM and GSM, owing to certain rules and regulations. At Angel, trading is allowed in ASM scrips, while in the case of GSM, only scrips categorised under 0 and 1 are allowed for trading.
Yes, we allow buying and selling of scrips under ASM and GSM, owing to certain rules and regulations. At Angel, trading is allowed in ASM scrips, while in the case of GSM, only scrips categorised under 0 and 1 are allowed for trading.
Why is a particular scrip or scrips blocked from trading? To safeguard the clients from undue loss arising due to monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities such as insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more, particular scrip and scrips are blocked from trading.
To safeguard the clients from undue loss arising due to monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities such as insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more, particular scrip and scrips are blocked from trading.
How much margin is charged for ASM/GSM scrip? The applicable margin while placing orders for ASM/GSM scrip will be 100% in all stages while the price band fluctuates. For GSM: In Stage 1, the applicable margin shall be 100%, while, from Stage 2 onwards, an Additional Surveillance Deposit of 50% or 100% will be applicable based on GSM stage. Note: Please know that clients will not be able to buy stocks that are in stage 2 of GSM or higher. These stocks will require Additional Surveillance Deposit (ASD) of 100% of the trade value or more and this margin will remain blocked by the exchange atleast for 2 months even after the stock is solid.
The applicable margin while placing orders for ASM/GSM scrip will be 100% in all stages while the price band fluctuates. For GSM: In Stage 1, the applicable margin shall be 100%, while, from Stage 2 onwards, an Additional Surveillance Deposit of 50% or 100% will be applicable based on GSM stage. Note: Please know that clients will not be able to buy stocks that are in stage 2 of GSM or higher. These stocks will require Additional Surveillance Deposit (ASD) of 100% of the trade value or more and this margin will remain blocked by the exchange atleast for 2 months even after the stock is solid.
The applicable margin while placing orders for ASM/GSM scrip will be 100% in all stages while the price band fluctuates.
For GSM: In Stage 1, the applicable margin shall be 100%, while, from Stage 2 onwards, an Additional Surveillance Deposit of 50% or 100% will be applicable based on GSM stage.
Note: Please know that clients will not be able to buy stocks that are in stage 2 of GSM or higher. These stocks will require Additional Surveillance Deposit (ASD) of 100% of the trade value or more and this margin will remain blocked by the exchange atleast for 2 months even after the stock is solid.
Can I trade in scrips categorized as unsolicited? No, trading in unsolicited scrips is restricted at Angel One. Click here to know more unsolicited investment tips.
No, trading in unsolicited scrips is restricted at Angel One. Click here to know more unsolicited investment tips.
What are Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) and Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA)? What happens when a stock is under the surveillance of either of these codes? Insolvency Bankruptcy Code (IBC): This law is incorporated to handle insolvency and bankruptcy cases. When a stock is under surveillance for IBC, it means the company is going through an insolvency procedure. For some of these stocks, trading may still be allowed subject to the stage of surveillance. Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA): An agreement between various lenders and a single borrower that describes their rights and obligations in case of a default is ICA. When a company has entered into ICA to restructure the debt, its stock comes under the surveillance. In these cases, trading in the stocks might be allowed but with certain restrictions in place.
Insolvency Bankruptcy Code (IBC): This law is incorporated to handle insolvency and bankruptcy cases. When a stock is under surveillance for IBC, it means the company is going through an insolvency procedure. For some of these stocks, trading may still be allowed subject to the stage of surveillance. Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA): An agreement between various lenders and a single borrower that describes their rights and obligations in case of a default is ICA. When a company has entered into ICA to restructure the debt, its stock comes under the surveillance. In these cases, trading in the stocks might be allowed but with certain restrictions in place.
Insolvency Bankruptcy Code (IBC): This law is incorporated to handle insolvency and bankruptcy cases. When a stock is under surveillance for IBC, it means the company is going through an insolvency procedure. For some of these stocks, trading may still be allowed subject to the stage of surveillance.
Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA): An agreement between various lenders and a single borrower that describes their rights and obligations in case of a default is ICA. When a company has entered into ICA to restructure the debt, its stock comes under the surveillance. In these cases, trading in the stocks might be allowed but with certain restrictions in place.
Why are some scrips blocked from trading in Options? Trading is resticted for certain scrips to protect clients from undue loss arising due to liquid counters.
Trading is resticted for certain scrips to protect clients from undue loss arising due to liquid counters.
Why am I unable to buy/sell SME shares? If the client has bought SME shares through IPO, selling is allowed. However, buying is completely blocked as per the risk and management decision to safeguard clients from undue losses occuring due to liquid counters.
If the client has bought SME shares through IPO, selling is allowed. However, buying is completely blocked as per the risk and management decision to safeguard clients from undue losses occuring due to liquid counters.
Why am I allowed to buy/sell limited quantity? Buying/selling is limited to a particular quantity due to illiquid counters and dry volumes. This restriction also safeguards clients from excess losses.
Buying/selling is limited to a particular quantity due to illiquid counters and dry volumes. This restriction also safeguards clients from excess losses.
Why are certain scrips allowed to trade only 2 times in a financial year? This criteria is removed from Angel One.
This criteria is removed from Angel One.




Still need help? Create Ticket
Still need help?
Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)