=== LINK: https://www.angelone.in/support/margin-pledging-and-margin-trading-facility ===

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही.
We are here to help you
Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More
Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
En. ही.
Available Margin to Trade Available Margin to Trade Margin Pledge/Unpledge Margin Trading Facility Where can I see my account balance? Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen Trading balance is shown at on the card at the top of the page Click on Trading balance card to view more details about the funds What is my Available Margin to Trade? Available Margin to Trade consists of your Funds balance & margin against eligible holdings. How to increase my Available Margin to Trade? You can increase your Available Margin to Trade by adding Funds or by creating a Margin Pledge against your eligible holdings in Accounts -> Stock Pledging. What is Peak Margin requirement? Peak Margin is the minimum margin that must be collected by brokers from their clients in advance of placing any intraday / delivery order. What is Peak Margin Shortfall? Peak Margin shortfall occurs when you buy a share from 80% margin released against delivery sell transactions and such sell position is subsequently bought back. You will be charged a penalty if margin shortfall is due to insufficient margin. I want to know how much cash is mine and how much is on margin? You can check your available cash and margin by visiting Account → Trading balance screen on web or mobile app. Here you will see the Cash balance and the margins from pledge holdings Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Available Margin to Trade
Available Margin to Trade Margin Pledge/Unpledge Margin Trading Facility Where can I see my account balance? Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen Trading balance is shown at on the card at the top of the page Click on Trading balance card to view more details about the funds What is my Available Margin to Trade? Available Margin to Trade consists of your Funds balance & margin against eligible holdings. How to increase my Available Margin to Trade? You can increase your Available Margin to Trade by adding Funds or by creating a Margin Pledge against your eligible holdings in Accounts -> Stock Pledging. What is Peak Margin requirement? Peak Margin is the minimum margin that must be collected by brokers from their clients in advance of placing any intraday / delivery order. What is Peak Margin Shortfall? Peak Margin shortfall occurs when you buy a share from 80% margin released against delivery sell transactions and such sell position is subsequently bought back. You will be charged a penalty if margin shortfall is due to insufficient margin. I want to know how much cash is mine and how much is on margin? You can check your available cash and margin by visiting Account → Trading balance screen on web or mobile app. Here you will see the Cash balance and the margins from pledge holdings Still need help? Create Ticket
Available Margin to Trade Margin Pledge/Unpledge Margin Trading Facility
Margin Pledge/Unpledge
Margin Trading Facility
Where can I see my account balance? Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen Trading balance is shown at on the card at the top of the page Click on Trading balance card to view more details about the funds What is my Available Margin to Trade? Available Margin to Trade consists of your Funds balance & margin against eligible holdings. How to increase my Available Margin to Trade? You can increase your Available Margin to Trade by adding Funds or by creating a Margin Pledge against your eligible holdings in Accounts -> Stock Pledging. What is Peak Margin requirement? Peak Margin is the minimum margin that must be collected by brokers from their clients in advance of placing any intraday / delivery order. What is Peak Margin Shortfall? Peak Margin shortfall occurs when you buy a share from 80% margin released against delivery sell transactions and such sell position is subsequently bought back. You will be charged a penalty if margin shortfall is due to insufficient margin. I want to know how much cash is mine and how much is on margin? You can check your available cash and margin by visiting Account → Trading balance screen on web or mobile app. Here you will see the Cash balance and the margins from pledge holdings Still need help? Create Ticket
Where can I see my account balance? Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen Trading balance is shown at on the card at the top of the page Click on Trading balance card to view more details about the funds
Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen Trading balance is shown at on the card at the top of the page Click on Trading balance card to view more details about the funds
What is my Available Margin to Trade? Available Margin to Trade consists of your Funds balance & margin against eligible holdings.
Available Margin to Trade consists of your Funds balance & margin against eligible holdings.
How to increase my Available Margin to Trade? You can increase your Available Margin to Trade by adding Funds or by creating a Margin Pledge against your eligible holdings in Accounts -> Stock Pledging.
You can increase your Available Margin to Trade by adding Funds or by creating a Margin Pledge against your eligible holdings in Accounts -> Stock Pledging.
What is Peak Margin requirement? Peak Margin is the minimum margin that must be collected by brokers from their clients in advance of placing any intraday / delivery order.
Peak Margin is the minimum margin that must be collected by brokers from their clients in advance of placing any intraday / delivery order.
What is Peak Margin Shortfall? Peak Margin shortfall occurs when you buy a share from 80% margin released against delivery sell transactions and such sell position is subsequently bought back. You will be charged a penalty if margin shortfall is due to insufficient margin.
Peak Margin shortfall occurs when you buy a share from 80% margin released against delivery sell transactions and such sell position is subsequently bought back. You will be charged a penalty if margin shortfall is due to insufficient margin.
I want to know how much cash is mine and how much is on margin? You can check your available cash and margin by visiting Account → Trading balance screen on web or mobile app. Here you will see the Cash balance and the margins from pledge holdings
You can check your available cash and margin by visiting Account → Trading balance screen on web or mobile app. Here you will see the Cash balance and the margins from pledge holdings
What is Margin Trading Facility (MTF)? Margin Trading Facility (MTF) allows an investor to buy a stock by paying just a fraction of the total transaction value. The balance amount is funded by the broker. As an illustration Your Account Balance = Rs. 25,000 MTF gives you upto 4x buying power = Rs 100,000 (25,000 x 4) Thus, your enhanced Buying Capacity is now = Rs. 125,000. What is Margin required? Margin required is the amount you need to pay initially to buy stocks under margin products. Margin amount can be paid either in the form of Cash, or by pledging your holdings (margin pledge). What happens if the margin is less? In order to buy stocks under Margin Trading Facility, you need to fulfil the Minimum Margin requirement. If your margin is less than that, then you will have to add funds to proceed with your transaction. What is the interest rate charged for using MTF? A standard interest rate of 0.041% per day (14.97% per annum) is charged on the borrowed amount. How long can I hold the stocks purchased via MTF? In case you have pledged the shares, you can hold them as long as you want unless you either sell your Pay Later (MTF) positions or convert them to delivery by adding funds. When will I start incurring interest charges? Interest is levied from the 2nd day onwards after you placed an MTF trade, till the outstanding amount is cleared, and/or your position is squared-off. What is MTF Pledge? As per SEBI guidelines, your shares bought using PayLater (MTF) will be automatically pledged . There is no action needed from your end When would my shares purchased under MTF be squared-off? For shares purchased under MTF, square-off will be triggered in either of the below scenarios: If there is a margin shortfall, shares will be squared-off 4 trading days after the shortfall has occurred. What are the charges for Pledging/Un-pledging shares under MTF? When you raise a request to Pledge or Unpledge your shares, charge of Rs 20/- plus GST is levied per scrip. How is MTF Pledge different from Margin Pledge? Margin Pledge means using your existing holdings / portfolio to get additional limit / margin. You can then use this additional margin for Equity Intraday, futures & options writing (equity and currency F&O). As per SEBI guidelines, shares bought under MTF have to be compulsorily pledged. This is called MTF pledge. Unlike Margin Pledge, you do not get additional limit against these shares. Can Margin Trading Facility be used for trading in Futures & Options, Currency, or Commodity segment? No. MTF Facility is applicable for trading in equity shares only. I do not want to use Margin Facility. What should I do? If you do not wish to use Margin facility you can place orders using Delivery product type. Kindly make sure that you have adequate funds before placing your Order. Kindly check your available funds in the Account -> Trading Balance Summary Still need help? Create Ticket
What is Margin Trading Facility (MTF)? Margin Trading Facility (MTF) allows an investor to buy a stock by paying just a fraction of the total transaction value. The balance amount is funded by the broker. As an illustration Your Account Balance = Rs. 25,000 MTF gives you upto 4x buying power = Rs 100,000 (25,000 x 4) Thus, your enhanced Buying Capacity is now = Rs. 125,000.
Margin Trading Facility (MTF) allows an investor to buy a stock by paying just a fraction of the total transaction value. The balance amount is funded by the broker. As an illustration Your Account Balance = Rs. 25,000 MTF gives you upto 4x buying power = Rs 100,000 (25,000 x 4) Thus, your enhanced Buying Capacity is now = Rs. 125,000.
Margin Trading Facility (MTF) allows an investor to buy a stock by paying just a fraction of the total transaction value. The balance amount is funded by the broker.
As an illustration Your Account Balance = Rs. 25,000 MTF gives you upto 4x buying power = Rs 100,000 (25,000 x 4) Thus, your enhanced Buying Capacity is now = Rs. 125,000.
What is Margin required? Margin required is the amount you need to pay initially to buy stocks under margin products. Margin amount can be paid either in the form of Cash, or by pledging your holdings (margin pledge).
Margin required is the amount you need to pay initially to buy stocks under margin products. Margin amount can be paid either in the form of Cash, or by pledging your holdings (margin pledge).
What happens if the margin is less? In order to buy stocks under Margin Trading Facility, you need to fulfil the Minimum Margin requirement. If your margin is less than that, then you will have to add funds to proceed with your transaction.
In order to buy stocks under Margin Trading Facility, you need to fulfil the Minimum Margin requirement. If your margin is less than that, then you will have to add funds to proceed with your transaction.
What is the interest rate charged for using MTF? A standard interest rate of 0.041% per day (14.97% per annum) is charged on the borrowed amount.
A standard interest rate of 0.041% per day (14.97% per annum) is charged on the borrowed amount.
How long can I hold the stocks purchased via MTF? In case you have pledged the shares, you can hold them as long as you want unless you either sell your Pay Later (MTF) positions or convert them to delivery by adding funds.
In case you have pledged the shares, you can hold them as long as you want unless you either sell your Pay Later (MTF) positions or convert them to delivery by adding funds.
When will I start incurring interest charges? Interest is levied from the 2nd day onwards after you placed an MTF trade, till the outstanding amount is cleared, and/or your position is squared-off.
Interest is levied from the 2nd day onwards after you placed an MTF trade, till the outstanding amount is cleared, and/or your position is squared-off.
What is MTF Pledge? As per SEBI guidelines, your shares bought using PayLater (MTF) will be automatically pledged . There is no action needed from your end
As per SEBI guidelines, your shares bought using PayLater (MTF) will be automatically pledged . There is no action needed from your end
When would my shares purchased under MTF be squared-off? For shares purchased under MTF, square-off will be triggered in either of the below scenarios: If there is a margin shortfall, shares will be squared-off 4 trading days after the shortfall has occurred.
For shares purchased under MTF, square-off will be triggered in either of the below scenarios: If there is a margin shortfall, shares will be squared-off 4 trading days after the shortfall has occurred.
What are the charges for Pledging/Un-pledging shares under MTF? When you raise a request to Pledge or Unpledge your shares, charge of Rs 20/- plus GST is levied per scrip.
When you raise a request to Pledge or Unpledge your shares, charge of Rs 20/- plus GST is levied per scrip.
How is MTF Pledge different from Margin Pledge? Margin Pledge means using your existing holdings / portfolio to get additional limit / margin. You can then use this additional margin for Equity Intraday, futures & options writing (equity and currency F&O). As per SEBI guidelines, shares bought under MTF have to be compulsorily pledged. This is called MTF pledge. Unlike Margin Pledge, you do not get additional limit against these shares.
Margin Pledge means using your existing holdings / portfolio to get additional limit / margin. You can then use this additional margin for Equity Intraday, futures & options writing (equity and currency F&O). As per SEBI guidelines, shares bought under MTF have to be compulsorily pledged. This is called MTF pledge. Unlike Margin Pledge, you do not get additional limit against these shares.
Can Margin Trading Facility be used for trading in Futures & Options, Currency, or Commodity segment? No. MTF Facility is applicable for trading in equity shares only.
No. MTF Facility is applicable for trading in equity shares only.
I do not want to use Margin Facility. What should I do? If you do not wish to use Margin facility you can place orders using Delivery product type. Kindly make sure that you have adequate funds before placing your Order. Kindly check your available funds in the Account -> Trading Balance Summary
If you do not wish to use Margin facility you can place orders using Delivery product type. Kindly make sure that you have adequate funds before placing your Order. Kindly check your available funds in the Account -> Trading Balance Summary
What is Margin Pledge? Margin Pledge also called stock pledge refers to the process of using your existing stocks as collateral for availing additional limits. What are the charges for Margin Pledge? Pledging of shares is charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity pledged. Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume. So, these charges remain the same whether you pledge 1 share or 100 shares. Charges per scrip are Rs 20+GST. The split is as below. INR 5 (Depository) + INR 15 (Angel One Charge) + GST What is Unpledging of shares? Unpledging of shares means release of pledge by paying off the loan amount or clearing your ledger debits & associated dues What are the charges for Unpledging of shares? Unpledging of shares are charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity unpledged. Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume. So, these charges remain the same whether you un-pledge 1 share or 100 shares. Charges per scrip are Rs 20 +GST. What is the process for Margin Pledge? Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Increase & select the quantity & shares you wish to pledge Click on Increase Margin Enter OTP by Angel One You will be redirected to the CDSL website where you need to enter the OTP sent by CDSL on your registered mobile number Post entering the OTP click on Verify Once the pledge is approved, margins will be provided against the pledged stock within 15 minutes Where can I see the status of my Margin Pledge request? Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Margin Pledge Transactions You will be able to see your Margin Pledge transactions from here How to Unpledge shares? Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Withdraw & select the stocks that you need to Unpledge Click on Withdraw Margin The stocks will be Unpledged on T+1 day if margin requirements are fulfilled Where can I see the status of my Unpledge request? Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Margin Pledge Transactions You will be able to see your Margin Unpledge transactions from here Still need help? Create Ticket
What is Margin Pledge? Margin Pledge also called stock pledge refers to the process of using your existing stocks as collateral for availing additional limits.
Margin Pledge also called stock pledge refers to the process of using your existing stocks as collateral for availing additional limits.
What are the charges for Margin Pledge? Pledging of shares is charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity pledged. Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume. So, these charges remain the same whether you pledge 1 share or 100 shares. Charges per scrip are Rs 20+GST. The split is as below. INR 5 (Depository) + INR 15 (Angel One Charge) + GST
Pledging of shares is charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity pledged. Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume. So, these charges remain the same whether you pledge 1 share or 100 shares. Charges per scrip are Rs 20+GST. The split is as below. INR 5 (Depository) + INR 15 (Angel One Charge) + GST
Pledging of shares is charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity pledged. Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume. So, these charges remain the same whether you pledge 1 share or 100 shares.
Charges per scrip are Rs 20+GST. The split is as below.
INR 5 (Depository) + INR 15 (Angel One Charge) + GST
What is Unpledging of shares? Unpledging of shares means release of pledge by paying off the loan amount or clearing your ledger debits & associated dues
Unpledging of shares means release of pledge by paying off the loan amount or clearing your ledger debits & associated dues
What are the charges for Unpledging of shares? Unpledging of shares are charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity unpledged. Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume. So, these charges remain the same whether you un-pledge 1 share or 100 shares. Charges per scrip are Rs 20 +GST.
Unpledging of shares are charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity unpledged. Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume. So, these charges remain the same whether you un-pledge 1 share or 100 shares. Charges per scrip are Rs 20 +GST.
What is the process for Margin Pledge? Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Increase & select the quantity & shares you wish to pledge Click on Increase Margin Enter OTP by Angel One You will be redirected to the CDSL website where you need to enter the OTP sent by CDSL on your registered mobile number Post entering the OTP click on Verify Once the pledge is approved, margins will be provided against the pledged stock within 15 minutes
Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Increase & select the quantity & shares you wish to pledge Click on Increase Margin Enter OTP by Angel One You will be redirected to the CDSL website where you need to enter the OTP sent by CDSL on your registered mobile number Post entering the OTP click on Verify Once the pledge is approved, margins will be provided against the pledged stock within 15 minutes
Where can I see the status of my Margin Pledge request? Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Margin Pledge Transactions You will be able to see your Margin Pledge transactions from here
Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Margin Pledge Transactions You will be able to see your Margin Pledge transactions from here
How to Unpledge shares? Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Withdraw & select the stocks that you need to Unpledge Click on Withdraw Margin The stocks will be Unpledged on T+1 day if margin requirements are fulfilled
Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Withdraw & select the stocks that you need to Unpledge Click on Withdraw Margin The stocks will be Unpledged on T+1 day if margin requirements are fulfilled
Where can I see the status of my Unpledge request? Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Margin Pledge Transactions You will be able to see your Margin Unpledge transactions from here
Tap on Account at the bottom of your page Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks Click on Margin Pledge Transactions You will be able to see your Margin Unpledge transactions from here





Still need help? Create Ticket
Still need help?
Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)