=== LINK: https://www.angelone.in/support/portfolio-and-corporate-actions ===

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही.


Bonus Issue Bonus Issue Buyback Dividend Holdings/Portfolio Rights Issue Stock Split TPIN What is Bonus Issue? Bonus shares are additional shares given by the company to existing shareholders, free of cost, in proportion to the shares held by the shareholder. Who is eligible for bonus shares? Shareholders who own shares of the company on the record date set by the company are eligible for bonus shares. When will the Bonus shares be credited in my demat account? The bonus shares will get credited to your demat account 10-15 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 15 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section. Why has the average price of the stock reduced after receiving bonus shares? The buy price of bonus shares is zero, as they are credited at no cost. When the shares are credited to your account, the quantity of shares increases while the invested value remains unaffected. As a result, the average price of the stock reduces. Be assured that it is correctly calculated by Angel One. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Bonus Issue
Bonus Issue Buyback Dividend Holdings/Portfolio Rights Issue Stock Split TPIN What is Bonus Issue? Bonus shares are additional shares given by the company to existing shareholders, free of cost, in proportion to the shares held by the shareholder. Who is eligible for bonus shares? Shareholders who own shares of the company on the record date set by the company are eligible for bonus shares. When will the Bonus shares be credited in my demat account? The bonus shares will get credited to your demat account 10-15 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 15 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section. Why has the average price of the stock reduced after receiving bonus shares? The buy price of bonus shares is zero, as they are credited at no cost. When the shares are credited to your account, the quantity of shares increases while the invested value remains unaffected. As a result, the average price of the stock reduces. Be assured that it is correctly calculated by Angel One. Still need help? Create Ticket
Bonus Issue Buyback Dividend Holdings/Portfolio Rights Issue Stock Split TPIN
Buyback
Dividend
Holdings/Portfolio
Rights Issue
Stock Split
TPIN
What is Bonus Issue? Bonus shares are additional shares given by the company to existing shareholders, free of cost, in proportion to the shares held by the shareholder. Who is eligible for bonus shares? Shareholders who own shares of the company on the record date set by the company are eligible for bonus shares. When will the Bonus shares be credited in my demat account? The bonus shares will get credited to your demat account 10-15 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 15 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section. Why has the average price of the stock reduced after receiving bonus shares? The buy price of bonus shares is zero, as they are credited at no cost. When the shares are credited to your account, the quantity of shares increases while the invested value remains unaffected. As a result, the average price of the stock reduces. Be assured that it is correctly calculated by Angel One. Still need help? Create Ticket
What is Bonus Issue? Bonus shares are additional shares given by the company to existing shareholders, free of cost, in proportion to the shares held by the shareholder.
Bonus shares are additional shares given by the company to existing shareholders, free of cost, in proportion to the shares held by the shareholder.
Who is eligible for bonus shares? Shareholders who own shares of the company on the record date set by the company are eligible for bonus shares.
Shareholders who own shares of the company on the record date set by the company are eligible for bonus shares.
When will the Bonus shares be credited in my demat account? The bonus shares will get credited to your demat account 10-15 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 15 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
The bonus shares will get credited to your demat account 10-15 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 15 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
Why has the average price of the stock reduced after receiving bonus shares? The buy price of bonus shares is zero, as they are credited at no cost. When the shares are credited to your account, the quantity of shares increases while the invested value remains unaffected. As a result, the average price of the stock reduces. Be assured that it is correctly calculated by Angel One.
The buy price of bonus shares is zero, as they are credited at no cost. When the shares are credited to your account, the quantity of shares increases while the invested value remains unaffected. As a result, the average price of the stock reduces. Be assured that it is correctly calculated by Angel One.
What is buyback? It is a corporate action through which a company buys back its own shares from the holders, generally at a price higher than the market price. Click here to know more about the buyback of shares.
How can I apply for buyback of shares?Here’s how you can apply for a buyback of shares.  You will receive a link from the RTA for applying for the buyback issue Fill in the relevant details & submit To understand the detailed procedure, visit here
What is Dividend? Dividend is the amount paid by a company to its shareholders out of its profits. To know more about dividend payment click here . I have not received Dividend for the shares that I am holding in my demat account. What should I do? If you hold your shares in your Demat account on record date then the dividend will be credited to your bank account. However, if those shares are in Pool account, then the dividend will be credited to your Angel One ledger. The dividend is generally paid 30-45 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 90 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section. When and where will the dividend amount be credited? The dividend will be credited directly to your bank account after 30 to 45 days from the record date. Will I be eligible for a dividend? If you have holdings in your account as of ex-date, you are eligible to receive dividends. Are there any charges or deductions on dividends? No, there are no charges or deductions on the dividend you receive. Where can I check the dividends? You can create a watchlist by following these steps. Visit the Portfolio screen. Click on the specific stock that you are holding. Scroll to the bottom of screen to find the dividend earned on the stock. On web, click on the 3 dots that appear when you choose a stock. You will see an option to see the dividend earned. Please note that you will receive the dividend directly to your bank statement within 30-45 days from the date of dividend payment from the company. Still need help? Create Ticket
What is Dividend? Dividend is the amount paid by a company to its shareholders out of its profits. To know more about dividend payment click here .
Dividend is the amount paid by a company to its shareholders out of its profits. To know more about dividend payment click here .
I have not received Dividend for the shares that I am holding in my demat account. What should I do? If you hold your shares in your Demat account on record date then the dividend will be credited to your bank account. However, if those shares are in Pool account, then the dividend will be credited to your Angel One ledger. The dividend is generally paid 30-45 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 90 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
If you hold your shares in your Demat account on record date then the dividend will be credited to your bank account. However, if those shares are in Pool account, then the dividend will be credited to your Angel One ledger. The dividend is generally paid 30-45 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 90 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
If you hold your shares in your Demat account on record date then the dividend will be credited to your bank account. However, if those shares are in Pool account, then the dividend will be credited to your Angel One ledger.
The dividend is generally paid 30-45 days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 90 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
When and where will the dividend amount be credited? The dividend will be credited directly to your bank account after 30 to 45 days from the record date.
The dividend will be credited directly to your bank account after 30 to 45 days from the record date.
Will I be eligible for a dividend? If you have holdings in your account as of ex-date, you are eligible to receive dividends.
If you have holdings in your account as of ex-date, you are eligible to receive dividends.
Are there any charges or deductions on dividends? No, there are no charges or deductions on the dividend you receive.
No, there are no charges or deductions on the dividend you receive.
Where can I check the dividends? You can create a watchlist by following these steps. Visit the Portfolio screen. Click on the specific stock that you are holding. Scroll to the bottom of screen to find the dividend earned on the stock. On web, click on the 3 dots that appear when you choose a stock. You will see an option to see the dividend earned. Please note that you will receive the dividend directly to your bank statement within 30-45 days from the date of dividend payment from the company.
You can create a watchlist by following these steps. Visit the Portfolio screen. Click on the specific stock that you are holding. Scroll to the bottom of screen to find the dividend earned on the stock. On web, click on the 3 dots that appear when you choose a stock. You will see an option to see the dividend earned. Please note that you will receive the dividend directly to your bank statement within 30-45 days from the date of dividend payment from the company.
You can create a watchlist by following these steps.
Visit the Portfolio screen.
Click on the specific stock that you are holding.
Scroll to the bottom of screen to find the dividend earned on the stock.
On web, click on the 3 dots that appear when you choose a stock. You will see an option to see the dividend earned.
Please note that you will receive the dividend directly to your bank statement within 30-45 days from the date of dividend payment from the company.
Holdings/Portfolio Bonus Issue Buyback Dividend Holdings/Portfolio Rights Issue Stock Split TPIN Why are my shares in Pool Account? Shares will be in pool account due to 2 reasons: Your account is in debit Shares have not been settled yet. Shares are settled on Trading day + 2 days. Why are my shares that I sold from my Portfolio shown as negative in Positions tab? Positions tab shows all the positions taken by you today. A negative quantity indicates a sell transaction whereas a positive quantity indicates a buy transaction. When will my shares be credited to my demat account? Your shares will be credited to your demat account on either T+1 or T+2 trading days depending upon the settlement cycle of the share where T is the trading day. What are realized and unrealized gains? An unrealized gain/loss is the increase/decrease in the value of an asset or investment that an investor holds but has not yet sold for cash. It is called unrealized; gain/loss because the investor hasn’t booked the profit/loss until he actually sells that investment. A gain or loss becomes realized when the investment is actually sold. How do I check my Portfolio/Holdings? Tap on Portfolio at the bottom of your screen You will be able to see your Holdings/Portfolio from here I bought my shares on BSE. Why are they shown on NSE in my Portfolio? We are doing all our settlements in NSE as per our internal policy. Follow the below path to sell shares in BSE Click on the share you wish to sell from your Portfolio & tap on Sell Click on 3 dots on the top right hand corner & change the Exchange from NSE to BSE or vice versa. Your share will now be sold on BSE When will my portfolio be updated with my latest investments? Your Portfolio will be updated with your latest investments on an immediate basis Why do I find the average price changed for some stocks in my portfolio? 3 things that affect the average price change for certain stocks are: FIFO (First In, First Out) method is used while calculating the average price Changes in corporate action handling for certain stocks Changes in decimal digits while calculating the average price. Here are all the details about the average price change you would want to know. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Why are my shares in Pool Account? Shares will be in pool account due to 2 reasons: Your account is in debit Shares have not been settled yet. Shares are settled on Trading day + 2 days. Why are my shares that I sold from my Portfolio shown as negative in Positions tab? Positions tab shows all the positions taken by you today. A negative quantity indicates a sell transaction whereas a positive quantity indicates a buy transaction. When will my shares be credited to my demat account? Your shares will be credited to your demat account on either T+1 or T+2 trading days depending upon the settlement cycle of the share where T is the trading day. What are realized and unrealized gains? An unrealized gain/loss is the increase/decrease in the value of an asset or investment that an investor holds but has not yet sold for cash. It is called unrealized; gain/loss because the investor hasn’t booked the profit/loss until he actually sells that investment. A gain or loss becomes realized when the investment is actually sold. How do I check my Portfolio/Holdings? Tap on Portfolio at the bottom of your screen You will be able to see your Holdings/Portfolio from here I bought my shares on BSE. Why are they shown on NSE in my Portfolio? We are doing all our settlements in NSE as per our internal policy. Follow the below path to sell shares in BSE Click on the share you wish to sell from your Portfolio & tap on Sell Click on 3 dots on the top right hand corner & change the Exchange from NSE to BSE or vice versa. Your share will now be sold on BSE When will my portfolio be updated with my latest investments? Your Portfolio will be updated with your latest investments on an immediate basis Why do I find the average price changed for some stocks in my portfolio? 3 things that affect the average price change for certain stocks are: FIFO (First In, First Out) method is used while calculating the average price Changes in corporate action handling for certain stocks Changes in decimal digits while calculating the average price. Here are all the details about the average price change you would want to know. Still need help? Create Ticket
Why are my shares in Pool Account? Shares will be in pool account due to 2 reasons: Your account is in debit Shares have not been settled yet. Shares are settled on Trading day + 2 days.
Shares will be in pool account due to 2 reasons: Your account is in debit Shares have not been settled yet. Shares are settled on Trading day + 2 days.
Shares will be in pool account due to 2 reasons:
Your account is in debit Shares have not been settled yet. Shares are settled on Trading day + 2 days.
Why are my shares that I sold from my Portfolio shown as negative in Positions tab? Positions tab shows all the positions taken by you today. A negative quantity indicates a sell transaction whereas a positive quantity indicates a buy transaction.
Positions tab shows all the positions taken by you today. A negative quantity indicates a sell transaction whereas a positive quantity indicates a buy transaction.
When will my shares be credited to my demat account? Your shares will be credited to your demat account on either T+1 or T+2 trading days depending upon the settlement cycle of the share where T is the trading day.
Your shares will be credited to your demat account on either T+1 or T+2 trading days depending upon the settlement cycle of the share where T is the trading day.
What are realized and unrealized gains? An unrealized gain/loss is the increase/decrease in the value of an asset or investment that an investor holds but has not yet sold for cash. It is called unrealized; gain/loss because the investor hasn’t booked the profit/loss until he actually sells that investment. A gain or loss becomes realized when the investment is actually sold.
An unrealized gain/loss is the increase/decrease in the value of an asset or investment that an investor holds but has not yet sold for cash. It is called unrealized; gain/loss because the investor hasn’t booked the profit/loss until he actually sells that investment. A gain or loss becomes realized when the investment is actually sold.
How do I check my Portfolio/Holdings? Tap on Portfolio at the bottom of your screen You will be able to see your Holdings/Portfolio from here
Tap on Portfolio at the bottom of your screen You will be able to see your Holdings/Portfolio from here
I bought my shares on BSE. Why are they shown on NSE in my Portfolio? We are doing all our settlements in NSE as per our internal policy. Follow the below path to sell shares in BSE Click on the share you wish to sell from your Portfolio & tap on Sell Click on 3 dots on the top right hand corner & change the Exchange from NSE to BSE or vice versa. Your share will now be sold on BSE
We are doing all our settlements in NSE as per our internal policy. Follow the below path to sell shares in BSE Click on the share you wish to sell from your Portfolio & tap on Sell Click on 3 dots on the top right hand corner & change the Exchange from NSE to BSE or vice versa. Your share will now be sold on BSE
We are doing all our settlements in NSE as per our internal policy.
Follow the below path to sell shares in BSE Click on the share you wish to sell from your Portfolio & tap on Sell Click on 3 dots on the top right hand corner & change the Exchange from NSE to BSE or vice versa. Your share will now be sold on BSE
When will my portfolio be updated with my latest investments? Your Portfolio will be updated with your latest investments on an immediate basis
Your Portfolio will be updated with your latest investments on an immediate basis
Why do I find the average price changed for some stocks in my portfolio? 3 things that affect the average price change for certain stocks are: FIFO (First In, First Out) method is used while calculating the average price Changes in corporate action handling for certain stocks Changes in decimal digits while calculating the average price. Here are all the details about the average price change you would want to know.
3 things that affect the average price change for certain stocks are: FIFO (First In, First Out) method is used while calculating the average price Changes in corporate action handling for certain stocks Changes in decimal digits while calculating the average price. Here are all the details about the average price change you would want to know.
3 things that affect the average price change for certain stocks are:
FIFO (First In, First Out) method is used while calculating the average price
Changes in corporate action handling for certain stocks
Changes in decimal digits while calculating the average price.
Here are all the details about the average price change you would want to know.
How to apply for a Rights Issue?
Investors can apply for Right Issue shares only through the Application Supported by Blocked Amount i.e. ASBA, either online or offline, if they hold Right Entitlement in their demat account. Online ASBA Process: Most Self-Certified Syndicate Banks (SCSBs) support the online ASBA application process through Net Banking, similar to an IPO application. Investors should refer to their respective SCSB’s website for detailed instructions on applying for the Rights Issue.Offline ASBA Process: Alternatively, investors can apply by submitting a filled application form at the nearest branch of an SCSB (Self Certified Syndicate Bank). The list of eligible branches is available on the  SEBI website. The Composite Application form (CAF) can be downloaded from NSE, BSE and RTA websites. Investors can also view and download the Rights Issue Application Form (CAF), Offer Letter, Abridged Letter & Entitlement Ratio – Applicable only for registered holders with holdings as of Record Date, from the RTA website. RTA don’t directly accept Right Issue application forms (online/offline). Application needs to be channeled through SCSBs only.
How to obtain the Right Entitlement (RE) ?Directly from RTA if the investor is eligible for the Right Issue by holding shares of the Company on the record date.Purchasing from the Market – Investors can buy Right Entitlement (RE) from the secondary market through the trading platforms such as Angel One, generally identifiable with “-RE” at the end of the stock symbol. Important Note: Holding or purchasing Right Entitlement (RE) does not automatically grant ownership of the Rights Issue shares. Investors must apply for the Rights Issue using their RE before the application deadline. Failure to do so will result in the renouncement of rights, leading to a loss of value. The RTA website is only for viewing the Rights Issue Application Form, Offer Letter, Abridged Letter & Entitlement Ratio – Applicable only for registered holders with holdings as of Record Date.
What is TPIN? TPIN stands for Transaction Personal Identification Number.CDSL has introduced TPIN, which will enable investors to authorise selling securities from their demat accounts virtually.For Non POA clients, TPIN verification will be valid for 1 day.Once you generate TPIN, it will be valid till you generate it again. Hence, please make a note of your TPIN for quicker verification.An OTP will also be required apart from TPIN for selling shares from demat account.
How do I generate TPIN? Follow the below steps to generate a new TPIN. Go to Portfolio section on the App.Click on Verify to Sell.You will be redirected to CDSL website.Now you can either enter the existing TPIN or click on the option to generate TPIN.If you choose to generate TPIN, you will need to enter BO ID and PAN details.You can find your BO ID in Account → Profile section of the App (Also called as DP ID).Once you enter BO ID & PAN and then OTP, your TPIN will be sent to your mobile number and email ID.Please make a note of your TPIN so that you can reuse it later.
How can I sell stocks without TPIN verification? You will have to activate DDPI in order to sell stocks without TPIN verification. For entire process to activate DDPI, click here. You can check your DDPI status on our platform by visiting Account → Profile → View All Categories (under personal details).
When will the Stock Split impact be visible in my Portfolio? You will receive the Stock Split shares in 3-4 trading days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 5 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section. What is a stock split? Stock split is a corporate action in which a company issues more shares to its existing shareholders by reducing the face value of each share as predecided. What is stock consolidation? It is an action taken by a company where they reduce the number of outstanding shares by combining the shares as well as increasing the face value. It is also known as a reverse stock split . What are record and ex-split dates? The record date is the date on which the company checks its records to identify the eligible shareholders for a stock split. Please note that the record date and ex-date are the same. Ex- split date is the date on which the stock starts trading at the new adjusted split price. Still need help? Create Ticket
When will the Stock Split impact be visible in my Portfolio? You will receive the Stock Split shares in 3-4 trading days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 5 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
You will receive the Stock Split shares in 3-4 trading days after the record date. In case you do not receive the same post 5 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA). You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
What is a stock split? Stock split is a corporate action in which a company issues more shares to its existing shareholders by reducing the face value of each share as predecided.
Stock split is a corporate action in which a company issues more shares to its existing shareholders by reducing the face value of each share as predecided.
What is stock consolidation? It is an action taken by a company where they reduce the number of outstanding shares by combining the shares as well as increasing the face value. It is also known as a reverse stock split .
It is an action taken by a company where they reduce the number of outstanding shares by combining the shares as well as increasing the face value. It is also known as a reverse stock split .
What are record and ex-split dates? The record date is the date on which the company checks its records to identify the eligible shareholders for a stock split. Please note that the record date and ex-date are the same. Ex- split date is the date on which the stock starts trading at the new adjusted split price.
The record date is the date on which the company checks its records to identify the eligible shareholders for a stock split. Please note that the record date and ex-date are the same. Ex- split date is the date on which the stock starts trading at the new adjusted split price.
The record date is the date on which the company checks its records to identify the eligible shareholders for a stock split. Please note that the record date and ex-date are the same.
Ex- split date is the date on which the stock starts trading at the new adjusted split price.





Still need help? Create Ticket
Still need help?
Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)